Kristen Finally Fucks Daddy Pt. 07
==================================
#1 

===

I could see why my Daddy's eyes were glued in Crystal's direction. As I looked over, my shaved bald cunt in my thong and jeans definitely tingled a little, as I stared at the contours of the parallel ridges of my pretty Latina friend's teenage pussylips in her ultra-tight, faded jean shorts. The shape of her pussy was as obvious as the two stiff nipples on her C-cup tits, stretching out little bumps on her sleeveless t-shirt. 

For the first time ever, I saw one of my best friends from school not just as a pretty, playful 18 year old who I liked to hang out with; I understood how her short, curvy body with her round butt, ample chest and big "cocksucking" lips were a fucking turn-on to adult men. No wonder Daddy had a rigid hard-on in his pants, which he was pathetically trying to disguise by leaving his t-shirt hanging over his crotch. The shirt wasn't long enough; there was no doubt that Daddy's cock was raging, it was fully erect from the sight of my female friend's high school body on display in front of him. 

And don't think Crystal was oblivious to my sexy, handsome Daddy's attention. I'd always thought Crystal had a thing for Daddy. Then three weeks ago Crystal excitedly showed me the two pictures of Daddy fucking our 18 year old blonde friend Melanie, and I had the feeling Crystal was jealous of Melanie. So when Crystal found out my cheating excuse for a mother would be out of town all weekend at a convention in New York -- boning her fat, ugly business partner David, no doubt -- Crystal sort of invited herself over to my house for all day Saturday, which Crystal repeatedly suggested turn into a sleepover. I mean, I'm 18, I haven't had a friend of mine sleep over in, like, what, two years? 

Crystal was using our day together as an excuse to parade her hot Latina body to my horny, wonderful father. She undoubtedly wanted him to give to her exactly what Daddy gave Melanie -- some long-lasting, body-wrenching, deep- pussy fucking from his awesome, over-eight-inch, super-fat penis. 

Just like my intense visualization of Daddy fucking Melanie, the image of my sexy father's body crawling over naked Crystal, his stiff fabulous erection pushing into her 18 year old Latina punta, made me extremely horny. I found myself closing my eyes, picturing her incredibly round tits bouncing on her slender chest, her pretty face contorted in pain as she felt her tight teen cunt being stretched open and violated by Daddy's sensational, long, fat penis, driving deeper into her wet twat. 

My eyes continued to gazed at the outlines of Crystal's pussy in her tight jeans, as she lounged back on the white wicker chair in our backyard patio, and I had new thoughts swirling around in my head. The photos on Daddy's cellphone, of my cousin Riley having sex with her friend Courtney. The hot adult stranger Thom, who fucked me two nights earlier, asking if I'd want to have a threesome with him and some married woman who lives near me. The porn videos my Daddy gave me just last night, which included lots of scenes (or entire disks) of girls having sex with each other. 

Okay, I thought to myself, I could see why a girl would want to get naked with another hot, sexy female. Crystal is cute and funny, and she has a dynamite body. Fuck, was I turning into a lesbian? No, I realized; I was just a horny slut all along, and only now finding out about it. 

So you'd have thought my reactions to my friend would be more amorous. They weren't. 

"What the fuck," I spat at her a half-hour later, as the two of us were in the bathroom washing up for a pizza dinner with my Daddy, "you trying to hit on my Daddy, girl?" 

My round-faced Latina friend, with her huge brown eyes and waves and waves of curly, brown-black hair, laughed at my petite half-Asian frame in big mirror in front of us. She was only a couple of inches taller than me, but I'm so think - - smallish 30A chest, tiny waist -- and she's nicely curvy, making her look larger than me. She couldn't have been 20 pounds heavier, but a nice set of C- cup tits and a full head of curly hair -- unlike my straight, jet-black hair - - made the difference. 

Her eyes looked at me quizzically, her face betrayed confusion as to how to respond. I think she was surprised I was mad about it; I hadn't expressed any anger that our friend Melanie had gotten to have sex with Daddy, so I think Crystal thought Daddy was fair game. I was the daughter, not the girlfriend; why would I care who my Daddy stuck his dick into? "Now why would I hit on a married man?" my friend finally answered in her throaty voice, giving me a shrug of her rounded shoulders. "You know I've got a man." 

No, she had a boy -- not a man. Crystal's boyfriend was a high school senior, like the two of us. That's not a man. "I dunno," I mused to her, not looking into her eyes in the mirror but down at my hands as I washed them. "Maybe 'cause Mel told you he fucked the shit out of her, and your teenie boy 'man' can't give it to you like a real man can." 

Crystal exclaimed a loud huff, pretending to be shocked. "Babygirl, that's your Daddy you're talkin' about!" She tugged her hairbrush though her thick cascading hair, studying me in the mirror. "If your Daddy can't take his eyes off of my hot titties and booty, that's his fuckin' problem." She paused, adding a dig -- "I mean, your Daddy obviously has a thing for girls our age, it's not my fault I got what he wants." 

She's such a tease, and she knew it. Proud of it. I admired that about Crystal. Just not at that moment. 

Before I could say anything, she worked to ameliorate my feelings. I felt her arm reach behind me and hug my sleight frame, as she put her cheek to my forehead and waited for me to look at her face in the mirror. "They all want what we got," she purred happily, "that's why girls rule, ya know." 

I smiled and nodded, but I was thinking -- yes, true, however, they got what we want, too. Those big, awesome cocks, that fit so nicely into our tight teenage pussies. 

It still drove me crazy, throughout dinner and then cleaning up afterwards, that my handsome, loving Daddy's deep-set eyes were constantly focused on Crystal's awesome round little buttcheeks and ample orbs on her chest. Drove me fuckin' nuts. 

It sucks when you lust to fuck your hot father, and he's off fucking and staring at your best friends. Really sucks. 

* * * * 

Three hours later, around 9:30 p.m. Crystal and I were in my bedroom, the door closed, both of us relaxing after a busy day. The mall, a movie, dinner with Daddy, a walk around the lake. I was really tired from a long week, which included fucking Mom's fat ugly business partner David on Tuesday, then fucking a stranger Thom in his hotel room on Thursday, then fucking myself with a hairbrush while Daddy videotaped it just last night, Friday. The sex with adult men was wearing me down, my petite 18 year old body wasn't used to that kind of athletic endeavor. Still, i figured we'd be up for hours, watching movies or whatever. So I was conserving my energy, relaxing while sitting back on my bed, just chatting with her. 

Crystal seemed to have a bit more in her tank. "What the fuck is this?" my cute friend exclaimed with a burst, standing over a pile of junk next to my desk. Her bewildered, excited exclamation made my drop my iPod, which I was reprogramming while sitting on my bed. With a sudden twist, Crystal turned around and made my jaw drop. In her hands was the box of my father's porn DVDs. She was smiling ear to ear, grinning like she just discovered gold. 

Daddy had given those to me just last night, so his horny daughter could have something to pleasure my constantly-aching vagina, and I wouldn't be trying to get naked with him, and make him commit some incestuous taboo act that he really did want to do but couldn't bring himself to do. Something like that, at least. 

I was going to lie, but, I didn't. I mean, the titles were written in Daddy's penmanship across each of the disks -- "Girls Who Fuck Girls"; "Big Cocks, Little Cunts"; "Don't Tell Daddy, No. 16"; "Slutfest"; "Amber And Her Sisters"; "Asian Sluts No. 10 -- Big White Meat"; "Don't Tell Daddy, No. 5"; "Young, Stupid And Horny, Just Like We Like Blondes"; "Asian Lesbian Whores Who Fuck Cocks Too." It's not like I could say anything to disguise what the disks contained. "That's, um, porn," I blushed, quietly, not looking at her. But then the stupidity of my answer made me cackle, and looking up, she was laughing too. I turned my guilt into an attack. "Are you that stupid, girl, Crystal, look at the fucking titles!" 

"Mmm!" She held up a DVD, reading the handwritten title through the clear case. "Young Asian Cocksucking Sluts . . . gee, I didn't know you were a porn star, Kristen." 

Probably I should have felt guilty that she discovered it, but she and I shared a lot of secrets so I wasn't going to hide what she already figured out anyway. Still, I had to lie a little. "That's my Dad's -- I, um, kind of discovered them, and I was going to put them back before he found it missing -- I hope he hasn't gone looking for it, but with you here --" 

My friend was already diving into the couple of dozen titles, jumping onto my bed and sitting on her ankles near me while reading each and every one. Most of the titles made her laugh, but she paused at the one that was called "Huge Fucking Throbbing Cocks For Utterly Slutty Girls." She stopped her search and put down the box, excitedly showing me the video. "You seen this one? Sounds like fun," she cackled, studying the otherwise blank disk in the clear plastic sleeve. 

I hadn't seen any of them; I'd only had them 24 hours. I had a chance to watch them last night but my mind was elsewhere -- specifically, thinking about my Daddy's awesome eight-plus-inch, super-thick cock. Instead, looking at Crystal holding one of the disks, my mind recalled the first porn I watched, with one of my boyfriends; it really opened my eyes that people would record that shit, but it turned me on so much and the orgasm he gave me was way better than when it was just his dick without porn to stimulate me. Unfortunately no cock was in the room to take care of me, so I wasn't really thinking about using it. "I haven't seen that one," I said, using a calm soft tone to show I wasn't a porn addict, "actually, I haven't seen any of them, I just found the box, is all." 

"Oh you fucking lie," my curly-haired Latina friend snickered, looking around my room then spying my laptop on my desk. "So, c'mon, let's see what's on it! I love movies of big cocks, like the inhumanly-big ones." 

"But--!" I reached out to stop her, as if to keep her away from my bed, but that wasn't going to happen. She was already returning from my desk with the laptop, trailed by the power cord stretching across the room. Crawling onto the bed she plopped the computer between us, sitting with her back against the headrest and wall on the other side of the queen-size bed from me, the computer basically between our knees. Opening the drive to drop the DVD into the computer she ordered me with a hush, "Go lock the door." Obviously, we were going to watch porn together now. 

Seeing porn with a female friend -- and me being a girl who never, ever had any sexual experience with my female friends -- seemed pretty innocuous. If Crystal wanted to watch, that was fine with me. It would kill a little time and be relaxing, and hopefully it wouldn't want me to go down and fuck my father. 

Returning to my bed after doing as Crystal asked, I sat next to her leaning against the backboard. We were both still dressed from the day -- she had on her skin-tight Capri jeans and a sleeveless t-shirt; I was wearing black booty shorts and a pink babydoll. A couple of feet of empty space separated us, it wasn't like we were hooking up to watch porn. By contrast, when I had watched porn with my boyfriend, we had both been naked and were fondling each other's genitalia from the outset. 

"Daddy," I moaned, pulling my knees back farther, giving him more space to lie on top of me, pushing his incredible erection deeper into my cunny. His fit, sweaty body pumped above me, I was watching his flat abdomen ripple in waves as he thrust forward and stuffed his penis farther up my teenage cunt. As he moved forward I could feel the pressure deep in my aching vagina, and against my soft buttocks his balls brushed me to show me how deep he was. His eyes were ravaging my small breasts, staring at his horny daughter as he fucked me faster and faster. He'd been fucking me for an hour this way, not stopping, pumping his loving erection into me thousands of times by now, giving me dozens of orgasms that kept flowing out of my erotically-overcharged cunt, feeling so in love with my handsome and sweet and sexy father. "Fuck me harder, Daddy," came my cries as tears dripped out of my slanted large brown eyes, staring up at the man I adored as he fucked me the way I wanted it. 

Watching the porn video with Crystal, that fantasy about my Daddy was about all I could think about. Adult men shoving their spectacular large erections into lusty young girls, most of whom seemed to be about our age, like 18 to 20. The guys were pretty much all handsome, muscular adult men in their 30s; their cocks were enormous, and the girls screamed in delight as they got fucked. It reminded me a lot of grownups David and Thom fucking my petite body that week, only, my thoughts weren't about the sex I'd had -- they were focused on the sex I wanted to have. 

We'd been watching for about 20 minutes or so, and now we were on the fourth scene of the movie; Crystal would fast-forward some of the "boring" stuff, as she called it, like blowjobs. She got into seeing the enormous, adult pricks shoving into tight shaved pussies, making the girls arch their backs and stick their fake balloon breasts into the air. I was so fucking wet too, at the sight of the hot girls, but the images of those monstrous adult pricks made me think of only one thing -- my Daddy. Crystal re-ran the ends of the scenes, when the guys would haul out their fat cocks and squirt hot white semen on the girls' faces or big fake tits. 

"Oh shit yeah," Crystal moaned, as the fifth scene in the movie started to play out. Her small Latina ass was softly gyrating as she sat next to me on her butt, her back against my headboard, her thighs pressed together. Seriously, by now I could smell the sharp, fish-like odor of her wet pussy coming from inside her jeans. It didn't bother me, because I was just as horny from the movie as she was. Looking over at her, I saw her cute face from the side, with her eye glued to the computer laying on the bed between our legs. She has a small, ski- sloped nose, and wide temples above a small triangular chin. It kind of looks like her face is pushed in, you know, that way. And her tons and tons of brown- black curly hair fell around her shoulders, making her small face even more tiny. Her lips were thick, and their naturally pink color. With her broad smile showing dazzling white teen, Crystal really was pretty. 

The fifth scene was different, because we found ourselves looking at two young girls and a hot guy, all sitting around an outdoor backyard pool in the hot sun. The other scenes had all had only one girl, each with one or two guys. So this was the first "FFM" threeway. The girls were in the shallow part of the pool with the naked guy standing up between them, his penis just a few inches above water level, and the girls were taking turns stroking and sucking his 9 inch erection. The guy was a fucking stud, with huge muscular shoulders and arms, and a ripped six-pack on his tummy that I just wanted to lick. The two girls were blonde white girls, sporting very dark tans, their hot little asses sticking above the water as she bent over to suck the guy's dick. 

"That girl looks like Debi," snickered my Latina friend, referring to a stuck- up blonde girl in our class who was always flirting with the stud jocks at school. Crystal and I weren't nearly in Debi's circle. That was now alright to me, because I'd let Debi hit on the teenage boys while I had discovered that the real good sex was with experienced adult men. 

Watching the two blonde girls on the computer monitor sucking the man's awesome penis, I heard Crystal sigh deeply, her brown eyese focusing like me on the big penis. For a brief moment her hand darted between her thighs, sliding over her crotch of her jeans, just quickly. I could tell she was suffering, her pussy wanted attention but she didn't dare fondle herself sitting next to me. 

She fast-forwarded the movie a bit, stopping when one of the girls was nude sitting on the pool deck, legs spread, the second girl down between her legs eating her pussy. I'd seen girls eating pussies in these porn movies before, it doesn't turn me off. The hot stud was behind the second girl giving her cunt his wonderful cock. The camera spent most of the time focused on the first girl getting her pussy licked by the second girl; the first girl was moaning down at her, rubbing her own big breasts, having orgasms in the other girl's mouth. 

My cunt was demanding attention too, and like Crystal, squeezing thighs together helps for a little bit but not much after a while. In fact, it was making things worse; I spread my legs open, letting my pussy just soak inside my booty shorts as we watched the movie. The smell of Crystal's wet cunt near me was not helping either. 

Our eyes met, for a brief second; she was smiling watching the movie, while I must have had a pretty serious look on my face. When her eyes rolled for a split second towards me, catching me looking at her face and the roundness of her breasts in her sleeveless t-shirt, I suddenly couldn't resist a new temptation I had never before imagined. 

I asked her in a playful, giggly, wishful voice, "You think that's hot?" 

My friend bit her lower lip, turning again and this time staring at me now, not looking away like she did a moment ago, and she blushed. Her already-big brown eyes grew even larger, and she snickered in her high-pitched voice. "Stanky hot!" she exclaimed, which for her meant, about as sexually hot as it can get. 

The floodgates opened; my impulses took over, like they had been doing all week. 

I swear, I wasn't myself. Or, maybe, I was finally being my true self -- a stanky slut. 

I launched my small half-Asian frame onto my horny Latina friend, my hand darting directly for the crotch of her jeans at the same time my mouth and face moved over her ample chest. My eyes were staring at the big rounded orb of her breast in her t-shirt; Crystal's slender shoulders and ribcage looked particularly unsuited for her fleshy C-cup breasts that dominated her torso. Inside her tight shirt, the tits stretched out the thin fabric, making an absolutely scrumptious vision of teenage breasts for anyone horny enough to take them. I'd never been attracted to a girl's boobs before, but there was one right in front of me -- a girl's boob -- and, in my sexually-energized state, I wanted that tit. My mouth hungered for it; I wanted her to feel attention to her sizzling-hard nipple. So, without any hesitation, my hand at that moment groping her crotch of her jeans, I drove my head for her chest and dropped my open mouth over the top of her boob, instantly mouthing her shape to tease her nipple inside the shirt and her bra beneath it. My lips and tongue, both sopping wet, tasted the dry flavor of her t-shirt, instantly saturating it in my saliva. 

No idea what overcame me, I thought to myself, but, I was going with the moment. 

Crystal squealed, letting out a hushed but anxious tone of shock and amazement. "Oh, SHIT!" 

Three of my fingers, pressed together, furiously ground into Crystal's crotch through her jeans, pressing hard against where her clitoris was; and since she was already very aroused from the porn movie, her hips instantly started rotating wildly in circles under my hand. Her electrified moan grew longer, as she arched her back, pushing her big boob into my mouth. Right away, I could tell, she wanted this too. She wasn't moving away or pushing me off of her. My Latina girl friend rotated a bit to the side so her breast rose up higher, letting me fill more of it in my mouth, while she allowed me to rub satisfaction into her clitoris through her thick jeans. "Oh fuck, oh yeah baby," my friend squealed in her high-pitched Latina voice, those big brown eyes staring at me.  

===

The fact that I was masturbating my girl friend's pussy -- and sucking her tit too -- through her clothing was not lost on me, at that moment. I felt like I was someone else, like my lusty imagination had taken complete control of me, tossed the Real Kristen aside and replaced her with Horny Robot Kristen (gee am I a Number 6 cylon, perhaps). The shapes and smells of her 18 year old petite body with ample breasts was proving to be a powerful aphrodisiac to me. I wanted to really make Crystal feel great, give her what her body wanted. 

Munching her boob through her shirt and bra, and fingering her clitty through her jeans and panties, I continued giving her body the muted pleasure for a couple of minutes until suddenly, without any warning, the clothing came flying off. It was like a silent starter's pistol popped and the two of us sprung into motion. 

Crystal grabbed her shirt by her hips and pulled it up, pausing briefly to slip her fingers under her bra and yank it off of her torso too -- over her head, not unsnapping it. Her big head of curly brown-black hair was spilling all over. My eyes gazed at the sight of her awesome C-cup breasts, so round and soft, with those big brown nipples and areolae. The moment I realized she was removing her top, I leaned up and put my hands on her crotch to start unfastening her jeans. I'd only unsnapped them and found the handle for the zipper, buried in the tight fabric, when those two big naked breasts appeared in front of me. Her nipples were fucking huge, and her areolae were as big wide circles; my mouth watered at the sight. 

She was lying back on my bed now, staring up at my face, her hands reaching for her crotch to help remove her jeans. I allowed her to take control of her jeans, as I leaned back on my knees on my bed and pulled my babydoll off of myself. We were going to get naked together. I looked down to see Crystal pushing her tight jeans down her thighs, showing me her black thong, just as I was reaching back to unsnap my bra. Her wide brown eyes gazed at my soft, small A cup titties, and my eyes now spied her shaved bald teenage cunt when she removed her thong too. Crystal laid back on my bed, spreading her bronze- skinned legs wide open, watching me quickly push my booty shorts and panties together down my slender legs, around my knees, and off of my little feet. 

We were both totally naked now, and totally horny. 

Crystal's spread-open thighs and dripping pink cuntlips called to me. Having seen my Daddy's pictures of Melanie's and Riley's teenage vaginas, I already knew I found them sexy -- not like a huge throbbing penis, but alluring in their own way. I'd always loved licking my own juices off of my hands (and the airbrush the night before), so, the prospective taste of another girl's pussy didn't dissuade me. I looked down for a moment at Crystal's nude pussy, dripping with clear beads of desire, while she reached her hands up to me to pull me down to her. 

"Come here," my pretty friend moaned, opening her slender short legs even wider, "let's do this thing, baby, I want you so bad." 

Her smooth, anxious tone and her lusty words reassured me, and I gave into my horny passions. "You're so fucking hot," I moaned to my naked Latina friend, moving back towards her spread-open body. I purred and grinned at her, dropping to my hands and knees, then dropping farther to plant a kiss on her inner thigh, near her knee. She moaned again, her hands reaching for my head, pressuring me to get my mouth up to her dripping snatch. But I was a tease, taking my time with my first girl, softly kissing and licking a wet path up her velvety-soft inner thigh, tracing my tongue and wet lips from near her knee farther and farther up her leg. As I drew closer to her kitty I could smell her sharp, powerful aroma more intensely, and my mouth really wanted it bad. I was panting hot, heavy breaths on her skin where I made it wet, and I could sense her motions as her ass circled slightly waiting for me to get my mouth onto it. 

She screamed in anticipation. "Fuck yeah, girl!" Her eyes were half-closed, anticipating the feeling I was about to give her. "Fuckin' do it!" 

My mouth hit her pussylips, my tongue darting out to lick across them. It was incredible; I was actually having sex with another girl. More amazingly, I was loving this, I wasn't nervous or feeling guilty. Instead I was thinking to myself, what would I want, how would it feel on me? Tasting another girl's treasure seemed ridiculous and, yet, so natural; I knew what she was experiencing, I wanted it to be the best for her. I immediately thrust my tongue hard on her warm, sopping-wet clitoris, finding the little knobby flesh buried inside her soft pink hood. Crystal stretched fingers on both of her hands to her pussy, pulling back the skin, exposing her clit to me. Looking up past her huge heaving tits to her smiling beautiful face, my little pink tongue began teasing and tormenting her clit, pushing it around, stroking it and saturating it with my attention. Her ass moved in more rapid circles now under me, and she removed her fingers to clutch my bedspread underneath her nude body. 

I slipped my tongue southward, over her soft, silky cuntlips, right to her pussyhole. I knew what she wanted. I thrust my tongue inside, hard, finding the little tight hole deliciously nasty, and tight and warm. I had no idea why my teen boyfriends hated doing this for me; it felt amazing, having Crystal's sopping wet pussy around my tongue. As I sealed my lips on her cuntlips and shoved my tongue into her hole, stretching it farther, I tasted how horny she was, and I felt the little tube inside her hole contracting around my tongue and squeezing it, sucking it almost into the depths of her pussy. 

On my fours bent over her crotch, my pussy was dripping juices down my inner thighs. I couldn't help, I reached underneath myself and put two fingers on my own clitoris, rubbing it around, giving it the attention it wanted while I worked on Crystal's vagina. 

My girl friend -- or now would I have had to say "girlfriend," maybe -- was quickly building towards an orgasm, her body thrashing around under me, her hips rapidly undulating in jarring motions, even pushing hard up at my face, or moving side to side. I had to slip a hand under her little soft asscheeks, to keep my mouth planted on her twat. Looking still up at her face, I watched her eyes rolling in ecstasy, and her jaw trembling, and her tongue licking her lips while her hands clutched her own big breasts. Her feet went flat on my bed, raising her knees, giving her leverage to pump her ass around harder and faster, fucking my tongue as I thrust it inside her. I'd never eaten a girl's cunt before but I knew exactly what to do, arching my tongue to lick all around inside her pussy, getting her juices smeared all over my chin and cheeks. 

"Yessss!" screamed my friend, having an orgasm. Her cunt squirted out a load of juices into my waiting mouth, and I had to swallow quickly because a second mouthful, then a third, then a fourth, came immediately afterwards. She unloaded her orgasm into me and the whole time she sucked in air wailing, her body stiffening as the flames shot through her muscles and limbs. 

Crystal wanted me to keep eating her, she remained on her back on my bed, legs opened, hands around my skull, pressing my mouth against her cummy twat. I loved doing it, licking her teenage pussy, making her feel so loved and so sexy. My Latina fuck-buddy pinched her hard long nipples, wincing at the pain she was inflicting on herself, making her even more horny. Her body continued to quake with orgasms; after eating her just a few more minutes she had a second cum, then a third. 

She found herself grunting in animal approval at the orgasms, as the third subsided. "Fuck you," she screamed at me with affection, "oh fuck, Kristen, you're so fucking good, that was so fucking good!" 

I don't know, the instinct just took over. I had an image in my head and I was playing to it; sort of Plato's perfect form of sex, if you will. When she caught her breaths, I rolled her onto her stomach, then had her lift her ass and spread her knees, so she was upside down and shoving her ass towards me. Her beautiful pink cunt dripped her tasty liquids down those bronze, soft thighs. She had her face and shoulder buried in a pillow, making her body in an inverted "V" shape, her legs wide apart to give me access to her cunt from behind. Like I said, I didn't know why to do this, it just seemed right to me. Thom had done this to me a couple nights earlier, in his hotel room, and I wanted Crystal to try it. 

Facing her cunt from behind, her wet clit at the bottom of the pink lips and dark slit, I lowered my chin and went in, licking her pussylips again. I lifted my thumb up to rub her clitoris softly, grinding on it, making her moan and sway her fleshy round Latin ass for me, while I tasted her juices once again. I heard her cry unintelligibly, she was loving the feeling. 

I pulled back, staring at her buttcheeks and her wet cunt beneath. I moved my thumb off of her clit, and instead stiffened two fingers and began to slide them into her vagina from behind. My girl friend squealed, feeling the finger- fucking, pushing her ass backwards towards me fingers. The cunt was really tight, I felt the pressure around my two fingers; I probably could have fucked it with one finger, in fact. 

My eyes fell on her tight asshole, a little puckered, dark-brown, clean hole above her cunt, between her glistening wet buttocks. Something came over me, a wave of lust. I just did it. With my fingers inside Crystal's cunt, I put my head down and stuck out my tongue, and I began licking her butthole. I had no idea why. It tasted weird and sexy, and the shaking of her body and the screams of delight buried in my pillow convinced me she loved it. I instantly knew why Thom had licked my asshole the other night; it was fucking sexy, both disgusting and wonderful all at once. 

Crystal reached under herself, grabbing my wrist, clutching it, pulling me fingers harder into her cunt. My hand hurt, with the two fingers squeezed inside her pussy and my other fingers and knuckles coarsely rubbing against her pussylips and mound. She was humping my fingers, rotating her hips around and around, feeling me fuck her like one of her boyfriends. Her 18 year old pussy exploded again, having another orgasm, I could feel it contracting and crunching my fingers inside, while a torrent of juices slowly seeped out and began to liquefy my palm and wrist. I pulled back from licking her asshole, so I could move down and lick off some of her juices from my hand inside her pussy. 

The Latina flipped over again, on her back once more, her hands sliding under my thin sweaty armpits. She was pulling me on top of her, and my wet cunt was dying for contact with her. I spread my legs and lowered my pussy, placing it hard on the bone of her thigh, while Crystal was taking me into her arms. It just happened, our kiss, our lips pressing together and both of us moaning like girls in love. Tongues shot out, and she began tasting her pussyjuices in my mouth, while we made out like boyfriend and girlfriend there, arm in arm, her sopping wet cunt against my hip and my pussy rubbing for attention on her leg bone. 

The moment was so new to me, so totally unexpected; I was fucking wet for one of my girl friends, my cunt was dying for her to satisfy me. My whole body, in fact. Keeping my pussy pressed against Crystal's slender soft thigh, I broke our wet mesmerizing kiss and crawled upwards on her, leaning my torso up, sliding one of my aching hard nipples into her mouth. I stared down at her pretty face, seeing her mouth open instinctively and let me dip my boob inside, where her slithering pink tongue slid out and began caressing my hard little knob with soft tender licks. "Ooh fuck yeah," I grunted, wanting more, pushing my A-cup breast into Crystal's mouth and lips, feeling her begin to suckle on my nipple as her lips sealed on the soft flesh of my orb. My cunt was throbbing, and rubbing my clit and pussylips on her naked hip was not very satisfying. I felt her small hands sliding on the backs of my thighs, moving around, until they came to rest on my little round buttocks. My 18 year old female friend was feeling up my ass; it was very erotic, and I hoped for her too. 

"Oh fuck," I panted, pulling my tit off of Crystal's mouth, leaning above her, staring down as she looked up at me. I was fucking turned on, while Crystal was blushing and giggling with a little panic. It was all new to her too. I didn't care. "You're so fucking hot," I muttered as I rose to my knees, legs spread, my pussy dripping juices between my slender thighs, "look how fucking wet you've made me -- you ready to eat a wet Amerasian pussy, baby?" 

Crystal's huge brown eyes glistened up at me, not shying away. "Oh shit, yeah, Kristen, c'mere honey!" 

Almost jumping on her, I crawled forward and plopped my hips above her face, legs spread wide open, squatting on her mouth. I grabbed my headboard for leverage and stared down, lowering my twat to her tongue, then I felt her begin to lick me. Fuck it felt good. "Ohhh fuck!" My head fell back, my long black hair cascading down my slender back, my eyes closing and mouth sucking in air. "Yeah fuck me Crystal!" Humping her tongue like a little penis, I wiggled my hips around until I felt her tongue against the hole of my pussy, and shoving down harder on her mouth she stuck her tongue up, and began to fuck me with it. Crystal's feminine little tongue seemed to know what to do, stretching upwards to fuck my wet hole, while my clitty brushed hard on her upper lip. I shrieked in delight. "Oh fuck yeah!" 

Her small hands were gripping my clenched nude buttcheeks, feeling my body wiggle and gyrate over her mouth, as I filled her nose with me scents and thrust my cunt over her mouth. She was eating me rapidly, pumping her tongue in and out, bringing me towards an ecstatic conclusion. "Don't stop!" begged the horny slut riding Crystal's tongue, "fuck me, yeah, don't stop!" I was really moving insatiably fast, screwing her face, really mashing my cunt down hard on her tongue and lips, almost like using her mouth as a toy while I masturbated. Faster and faster I fucked her tongue and mouth until my juices were ready to flow. I screamed to let her know it. "Oh shit baby, here I cum!" 

My orgasm exploded, and I felt juices flush out of my hole to fill her mouth and cover her face. My body felt weak as the energy electrified every corner of my body, and I had to grip the headboard extra hard so I wouldn't fall off her mouth. "Fuck yeah! Oooh yeah!" The orgasm was long; I panted and grunted sitting on her, shaking uncontrollably through the hot, draining cum. 

It was fucking hot, but you know, it wasn't as good as having a cock in me. I knew it, even as I was still cumming on my girl friend's face. 

I thought, what could do the trick, to provide the feelings of a cock to two girls having lesbian sex? There was the bag of pussy-sized veggies, which Daddy bought specifically to be inserted into my cunt, that I still had unused, sitting under my desk. I should have put them away in the kitchen or refrigerator, but at the moment, I was glad I had been lazy. 

I forced myself to crawl off the bed, saying, "Wait a sec," as I retrieved the light-brown plastic grocery bag. Crystal hadn't noticed it before, and she looked at me with wide brown eyes, curious as to what I had. I laughed, half- embarrassed, as I reached in and pulled out a cucumber. It was nicely thick, but not too fat; it was long, giving good space to clutch one end while the other bulbous tip could be sliding into something wet and tight. I held up the veggie for my naked Latina friend, and she cackled seeing it, reaching forward to peer into the bag and see what other goodies it held. Daddy had picked them well the night before. There was another similarly-sized cucumber. Three big, long carrots, with really fat ends. Two really, really thick zucchinis. A half- dozen, perfect-rippened yellow bananas. And two sweet potatoes -- with really fat blunt ends on one side, and the other tips were more narrow but long. Hard as stone, too. 

"Holy fucking god!" my horny friend snickered, taking stock of the contents of the bag, "what the fuck you don' with all these up here, you little pervie!" 

"Mmm," I moaned, taking the chosen cucumber firmly into my fist, crawling towards the other naked slut on my bed, "I'll show you, baby." 

Crystal was already there, smiling ear to ear, surprised but totally committed. She laid back on my bed, her hair all over my pillow, as she pulled her bronze knees wide open to expose her bald teenage pussy again for me. I cuddled up next to her bent leg, lying on my side, taking the long green shaft and pushing the slightly yellow-green, rounded tip to Crystal's vagina. She giggled again, lifting her head to watch, as I rubbed the tip along her swollen, glistening pussylips, even teasing her protruding little clitoris with it, soaking her pussylips all over the vegetable's skin. "Mmm," I purred again, loving the sight of the big toy about to fuck my friend, "I bet this will feel fucking good, baby." 

Then I just shoved the cucumber into Crystal's pussy, stuffing it hard a couple of inches, literally stretching open the girl's tight teenage cuntlips. 

"Oh shit!" screamed my friend, her hands shooting down to grab my wrist, but for leverage and not to push me away, "holy fucking shit baby!" 

I gathered my strength, bending my sleight arm, pushing the converted dildo into Crystal's gushing wet vagina bit by bit. I again thought about how it would feel, if she was doing it to me. I twisted the cucumber side to side, twirling it in soft gentle motions, as I pumped it into her pussy a little at a time. The resistance from her tight cunt was amazing, I could feel it trying to push back, trying to shove the invading toy out of her hole. But Crystal's hot hips were flying around in circles, and she was biting her big lower lip and arching her back, trying to have sex with the veggie in my hand. Hearing her moans grow, I knew she loved it, I continued to push the cucumber into Crystal's pussy until I had a good four or five inches inside of her. 

Fuck, it was so thick, stretching open her pussy so wide. Even Daddy's cock wasn't quite that thick, I didn't think; that vegetable was super-human, really screwing Crystal hard. She was wildly gyrating now, letting me masturbate her with the thick green shaft, she pulled her hands off of my wrist and threw them above her head, behind my pillow, arching her back more and shoving those big teenage tits into the air. "Awww, shit!" she panted, not trying to be too loud but letting out the lust building in her belly. My arm was hurting already, my hand aching from holding the cucumber at one end, but I kept fucking her with it, staring at it stretching open her pink lips, knowing how good it must have been feeling as I fucked her with it. 

I wanted to feel it too, my pussy was dying to be fucked by something long and hard. "Here," I commanded, grabbing one of her arms to guide her hand down to the cucumber. Crystal took it from me, fucking herself with the veggie, while I sat up for a quick moment to grab the bag of grocery dildos. I already knew what I wanted. I ripped off one of the bananas from its bretheren, then I crawled backwards on my bed until I was lying across Crystal's lap, my back facing her and Crystal's pussy fucking the cucumber right in front of me. I had my armpit over her flat tummy, my arm able to reach forward and take back the cucumber from her. 

As I started fucking her with the cucumber again, lying on my hip, my other hand reached into my crotch and poked the bottom of the banana against my own aching vagina. I was going to fuck that piece of fruit, I wanted it so badly. I felt the yellow corner of the long shape rubbing my moist cunthole, and with a little shove, the banana slid into my pussy. I was fucking it! It felt welcome, such relief -- not a male cock, but, something thick to probe into my tight teenage cunt, give me some relief, let my cunt squeeze it and cum around it.  

===

Crystal was on fire, her pussy streaming with juices that coated the cucumber and my hand, and ran in drips down her asscheeks and thighs. The smell was divine, she was so fucking horny. I didn't have the leverage I had a few moments ago, so pushing the cuke into her cunt was not so easy; but I gripped it with the liquids all around it, twisting it around, sort of just pushing it in and not really pumping it. She was fucking close to cumming, the way she was screaming and gasping. The sight of her wet pink clitty made me go for it, and I leaned forward, tongue out, flicking across her clitoris while I was shoving the fat cucumber into her adoring vagina. Crystal really screamed at that, I felt her hand grab my nude ass to her side while her other hand pulled her knee far to the side, exposing her cunt more to me. I tasted her musky wet clitty, teasing it by flicking just the tip of my tongue over it, around and around, while her pussylips stretched to take the thick cucumber deeper into her pussy. I rammed the banana hard into my own cunt, going in a good four inches, feeling it provide a little relief to my cock-hungry twat. 

My friend thrashed with an orgasm, squeezing the cucumber so hard it started to slide out, I really had to grab it and keep it shoved into her cunt while she cried to the end of her climax. Squeezing the hard cucumber in her gushing pussy left her breathless, she almost choked, trying to regain her breaths, almost fearing her breathing had stopped forever. 

Next thing I knew, Crystal was pulling me on top of her, in a "69" position. I'd done this with Thom about 48 hours earlier, and made him cum in my mouth. Now, I was fucking her pussy still with the cucumber, staring down at it, while I felt her grab the banana from my hand. It's not what she wanted. The banana launched off the bed onto my floor somewhere, discarded by my lusting female guest, and she was already reaching into the plastic grocery bag for another device. I looked over, laughing, seeing her take a carrot out. 

A carrot? That's not that thick. 

Not for a pussy, it isn't. 

She didn't wait. With my knees spread around her head, my small tight half- Asian ass in the air, Crystal immediately touched the blunt, thick end of the carrot -- the top, I guess -- against my pussylips, but just to get it wet. Moments later, I felt the hard veggie move upwards, between my asscheeks, and a second later, I had the most erotic feeling of that carrot at the hole to my butt. I screamed in shock, leaning forward as if to move away, but Crystal did it, pushing the lubricated carrot into my butthole. Fuck it felt strange! The pressure in me was intense, moreso than Thom's finger had been two nights earlier. The carrot was fucking hard, without relief, as it shoved an inch or two inside my butthole. 

Crystal's mouth was simultaneously on my clitoris, licking juices off of it, sucking it into her thick lips, before sliding upwards and shoving her teenage tongue into my aching cunthole. I rammed my hips back, shrieking, loving it. Crystal was eating my pussy while she was pushing the carrot into my butt. 

You won't believe the fun we had doing this. I had three or four orgasms for sure, first from the carrot in my ass and the cunnilingus she was performing, then a few minutes later from a zucchini in my cunt, and finally from a sweet potato that Crystal shoved into me. That potato was fucking unadulterated lust, let me tell you. First, it's like hard as a rock, so it hurts going in -- my cunt can't squeeze it like a cock, it just goes into me as thick as it is. Second, it's shaped for fucking. Crystal could grab the wide blunt end, shaped like the head of a baseball bat or something, getting good leverage on it. The other end was more narrow and a little pointy, like a nice dildo, which she shoved a good four inches into my pussy. It got thick fast and that stretched open my cunt too, and the horny Latina began hammering it into me, fucking me hard with it, pumping her arm and shoving the hard root in and out of my amazingly horny pussy. I came so hard around that sweet potato, twice. 

Meanwhile, I used the cucumber on her pussy, later joined by another carrot I shoved into her butt, so she got double-penetrated under me. I was leaning back a lot to fuck the veggies in my own pussy as I bent on my fours in reverse position over her nude body; but I gave her enough attention holding the cucumber and carrot to fuck her twin holes, going back and forth between them to fuck her hard, giving Crystal some orgasms of her own. The liquids all over her smooth bronze thighs, asscheeks and abdomen sparkled in the bright lights of my bedroom. 

"Mi amiga," screamed my slutty Latina friend, "you're so fucking good, I'm so fucking horny!" 

The DVD had been playing the whole time on my laptop, shuttled off to a corner of the bed. I glanced over at it, seeing a black guy with an amazing bone - - can we say 10 or more inches? -- stuffing himself into a petite white brunette with super-large fake tits. 

Cock. Dang, these veggies were fun, but they weren't cocks. 

No, we didn't have a cock in my room. 

But, in Daddy's room . . . . 

With a scream of pain and relief, I crawled off of Crystal's body, falling to my side, making her remove the objects from my ass and cunt. I was achy-sore, but still so horny, and my cunt was dying for the ultimate relief. Fucking a salad wasn't the real thing. I hoped that Crystal felt the same way too. 

We both needed a few seconds to catch our breaths, moaning and purring, then I looked over my shoulder to see her smiling towards me. The mutual satisfaction was amazing. 

"I never knew you were a little slut," the Latina slut cackled at me, her mouth so wet from my pussyjuices that she'd been licking. 

I sat up, arching my back, watching her gaze at my A-cup little titties. My eyes fell to her naked body in return. Her big tits had those huge long dark nipples; her shaved pussy and all of the soft, bronze skin around it was glistening with her cuntjuices. She had puppy-dog eyes looking up at me, wondering what I was planning next. Behind me, my laptop computer was making muted sounds of the white girl screaming from the huge black cock pounding her vagina. "So," I asked casually, not sure if it was a good idea, ""you wanna have some REAL fun tonight?" 

Crystal nodded affectionately, smiling warmly up to me. "Well this is pretty fucking fun -- whatcha mean?" 

"Just play along," I commanded exuberantly, climbing off my bed and helping her to do the same, "just follow my lead." 

It was the perfect plan, I suddenly realized, to make my hottest fantasies become reality. 

Daddy, do I ever have a present for you! Report_Story 
