Maggie Misbehaves
=================
#1 

===

It was a birthday party for Bernie and we were having it at the Landing Strip Lounge. There were maybe fifteen of us crowded around four tables in the back and away from the dance floor. The party had started at eight and was rolling right along. I was more of an observer than a participant because I'm a non- drinker; everybody else was on alcohol and you could see them all loosening up as the evening progressed. Bernie was getting shit-faced because everybody was buying him drinks including a lot of people who knew him, but who were not actually at the table with us. Bernie's wife Maggie was putting away her fair share, but on her it looked good. Maggie got real loose when she drank and it showed up when she was on the dance floor. Maggie made "Dirty Dancing" look tame. If you went out on the floor with Maggie it was a given that you would return to the table with a lump in your trousers. It happened to me several times that night and I got nasty looks each time from my wife Stella. Stella was putting away a little more than her fair share and producing a fair amount of hard dicks herself when she hit the floor. I guess she figured it was all right for her because she was drinking, but not okay for me because I wasn't. 

By last call there were only two of us in any shape to drive; several thought they were and we tried to convince them otherwise and failed, among them Bernie and Maggie. But I can't save the whole world so that night I opted to save Bernie and his wife. Several people wanted to party on and Stella suggested that we take the party to our house. Mike, who was the only other guy fit to drive, had a Suburban so I told him to take Stella and the others who wanted to party to my house and I'd meet them there as soon as I dropped off Bernie and Maggie. Dave offered to go with me in case I needed help in getting Bernie into his house. Maggie wasn't happy about it, she wanted to keep on partying, but I wasn't going to take them to my place, carry Bernie in and then carry him back out at the end of the party and drive them home. Besides, Maggie was so fucked up I wasn't even sure she would still be awake by the time we reached her place. We put Bernie in the front with me and Dave got in the back with Maggie and we headed on out. 

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

It is about a half-hour drive from the Strip to Bernie's place and maybe five minutes into the ride I heard the unmistakable sound of a zipper being operated. I looked in the rear view mirror and saw that Maggie's tits were exposed and in Dave's hands and that Dave's cock was exposed and in Maggie's hands. I was about to say something, but then figured what the hell, they were both grownups and consenting adults so I kept my mouth shut. Neither one was paying any attention to me so I adjusted the rear view so I could watch what was going on. I'd always know that Maggie had nice tits from the way she looked in sweaters, blouses and tee shirts, but exposed they just about took your breath away. They were cone-like with half-inch nipples that stood right out and looked slightly engorged as Dave played with them. My dick started to get hard watching the two of them go at it. Another couple of minutes went by and then I saw Dave put his hand behind Maggie's head, but before he could even try to push, Maggie's head went down and she started sucking Dave's cock. I couldn't take it any longer and I took my dick out and started playing with myself. As I watched Maggie's head going up and down I wondered if she and Dave had a thing going on or was it just coincidence the he volunteered to help on the night she decided to let go? Or was Maggie so drunk that she didn't know what she was doing? Another couple of minutes went by and I heard Maggie make a noise and she jerked her head off of Dave and I saw a jet of cum shoot out of his dick. It must have just been the surprise of his cumming that made her pull away because her head immediately went back down 

I gave them two more minutes and then I pulled over, "Your turn to drive Dave and my turn to be in the back seat." 

Dave and I switched places and I waited to see if Maggie would protest, but outside looking just a bit confused at what was happening she just sat there and looked at me. She looked from me to Dave and then back at me and then her head went down and she started sucking me off. I had my hands on her tits and I was pleased to find that they were every bit as firm as they had looked. I started rolling her nipples between my fingers and Maggie moaned and her head started to bob faster. Just then we hit a chuckhole and the jolt bounced me up off the seat and drove my cock against the back of her throat. I felt myself getting ready to blow and I told Maggie to get ready and she pushed her mouth down on me and held steady while I blew my load down her throat. Maggie kept her mouth on me and I felt myself begin to grow again. Maggie pulled her mouth off me and began to push her jeans down and taking her cue I pulled my pants off too. It took a minute of maneuvering to get situated on the back seat and Maggie moaned when I slid my fresh hard on into her. 

"Suck my tits, please suck my tits" and I bent and took the right one in my mouth and started to scrape the nipple with my teeth. Maggie moaned and bucked up against me and that together with all the chuckholes we seemed to be hitting made it a most memorable fuck. Dave kept telling me to hurry up so he could do her before we got her home, but there just wasn't any way I could cum faster, not after Maggie had just drained me with her mouth. I finally got off just as we were pulling into Maggie's driveway. Maggie was moaning, "No, not yet, please not yet, I'm not ready, please not yet." 

I told Dave to get in the back and help her out while I tried to get Bernie into the house. I got him out of the car and into a fireman's carry and headed for the house. I got him upstairs and dumped him on the bed and then headed back down stairs only to see Dave coming up the stairs carrying Maggie. He dropped her on the bed and then climbed on her and while she cried, "Yes, oh yes" he slid his cock inside her. I stood there and watched Dave fuck Maggie with her husband lying next to them only six inches away. 

I hoped Dave would be quick because I needed to get home before Stella got to wondering where I was. But you know what they say about brainpower when most of your blood has rushed to your cock? Well, it's true. I got so turned on by the idea of fucking Maggie while Bernie was lying right next to us that my dick got hard and took over my thinking. When Dave finished I was ready and waiting to take his place. I started banging away at Maggie and Dave moved to where he could push his cock against her lips. For a second she looked confused and then she opened her mouth and started to suck on him. 

I was unbelievably turned on; this was the first time in my life I had fucked a woman with another man present, let alone having both of our cocks in her at the same time. And I marveled at the slutiness of Maggie in not only cheating on Bernie, but in taking on me and Dave at the same time. I'd known Maggie a good ten years and never suspected that she could be this way. I busted my nut and then got out of the way so Dave could get back in the saddle and I took his place in Maggie's mouth. I couldn't believe how fast my cock came back up. I'd cum in Maggie's mouth once, fucked her twice - all in the space of forty-five minutes - and here Maggie's marvelous mouth had me up again. After a couple of minutes I asked Dave to stop and help me get Maggie on her hands and knees. I slid under her so she could bob her head up and down on my cock while Dave fucked her from behind. I didn't think it possible that I could be so close to cumming so soon after my last discharge, but I erupted in Maggie's mouth just as Dave said, "Here it come Maggie, here it comes." 

We both pulled away from her and I got ready to see if I could get it up one more time so I could fuck her from behind and then I noticed the bedside clock, "Holy shit Dave, we got to get out of here. I'm going to be in deep shit when I get home. We were headed for the door when Maggie called out to us. We turned to see her sitting on the edge of the bed, "I don't know what got into me tonight" and then she stopped and giggled, "other than you guys. Just keep it between us okay? Nobody else ever has to know, right?" 

"Sure" Dave and I said almost in unison, each of us knowing damn well we were going to try and get her again. 

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

Dave didn't want to go back to my place for the party so I dropped him at his place and headed for home. I knew I was in trouble; I was going to be over two and a half hours late from something that shouldn't have taken me forty-five minutes max. My brain was working overtime to come up with a reasonable excuse and not having much luck. There were no other cars at the house so I guessed the party had broken up and I knew that Stella would be waiting inside just waiting to hit me with, "And just where in the fuck have you been?" I decided to go with the flat tire and no spare story and went inside. 

The house was quiet and Stella wasn't downstairs. I began to hope that she would be asleep and in the morning I could convince her that I had gotten home much earlier than I had, "but you were already passed out babe." I went up the stairs as quiet as I could so that if she was asleep I wouldn't wake her up. She was asleep. She was on the bed, her legs spread wide, and there was cum all over the place - in her hair, on her face, on her tits and in a puddle between her legs. Those rotten bastards had taken advantage of my drunken wife!! Report_Story 
