A Wife Comes Out
================
#1 

 

 

===

My husband has been after me for several months now to write this story, but I have reluctant because I've never been all that good with the written word. I hope it's not so bad that you chose not to publish it as Al is so looking forward to see the story in print. 

 My name is Melanie and I'm a forty-year-old working mother of three. I am what some would call 'pleasingly plump' being small waisted, but somewhat heavy in the breast and hip areas. My best feature is my legs and I have always been very aware of that fact so I dress to accentuate them. I must own over thirty pair of high heels, most in the style referred to as 'come-fuck-me' pumps, most of my skirts are short and as a result I seem to attract male attention wherever I go. 

 About three years ago Al started commenting on the way other men looked at me and saying things like, "I bet he would like to fuck you" and "I'll bet you wouldn't have any trouble talking him into sneaking off to a dark corner for a quick fuck." A short time after that he started asking me if I had ever considered trying another cock, did I ever have fantasies about other men, etc., etc., etc? Finally, about a year and a half ago, he came right out and told me that his biggest fantasy was to watch other men fuck me. At first I was shocked at the notion and at the fact that he could even think such a thing, and I told him in no uncertain terms that I would never consider doing something that disgusting and perverted. 

 But the idea was planted, and the more he talked about his fantasies the more I thought about them too. I began looking at the men I came in daily contact with in a different light. I would wonder what their cocks looked like, what kind of lover they might be, and would they be interested in me. The more I thought about another man slipping his hard cock into my pussy the less insane I considered the idea to be and I eventually reached a point where, in my mind at least, it was a foregone conclusion that I was going to try sex with someone other than my husband. There were, however, a few roadblocks - three actually; could I actually go through with it? Could I bring myself to do it with my husband watching? And last, but most important - would my husband really enjoy it or would it, in fact, have a harmful effect on our marriage (I remembered the old saying "Be careful of what you ask for - you just might get it")? So even though I was reaching a point where I would consider doing it, those nagging doubts kept me from ever trying. 

 The sales firm where I work as a secretary/receptionist has a cocktail party once a month to entertain clients and I am usually in attendance as 'Girl Friday' and 'gofer'. When the number of clients is small the party is usually held right at the office, when the guests are more numerous a hospitality suite is usually reserved at a local hotel. The affairs are generally low-key, but a lot of casual flirtation takes place. I admit to having been 'felt up' a time or two and a few boozy kisses have been exchanged, but once I indicated that I had no interest in going any farther I was never pressed. 

 It was at one of these parties that my life changed forever. It was a typical party with nothing out of the ordinary going on; I'd been sipping white wine for about two hours and while not yet 'tipsy' I was definitely in a mellow mood. I excused myself and went to the back of the office and then down the hall to the ladies room. As I left the restroom I bumped - literally - into Larry, one of our salesmen. He grabbed me to keep me from falling and once I was steady on my feet he smiled at me and said, in his usual flirtatious way, "Mel, you look damn good tonight. When are you going to give me a taste?" 

 I don't know which one of us was the most surprised when I said, "What's wrong with right now?" 

 I have to give Larry credit for being a nice guy. Instead of being 'all hands' and falling all over me he considered the fact that I might have had too much to drink and didn't really mean what I'd said. He stepped back and asked, "Are you serious?" 

 "At this exact instant I am, but if I were you I wouldn't give me a whole lot of time to think about it." 

 Larry just looked at me for a moment, and then he led me across the hall and into Harvey's office. After locking the door behind us he took me in his arms and kissed me. As our tongues intermingled he unzipped my dress and unsnapped my bra, and as I shrugged my arms free and he began to caress my breasts the dress fell to my waist and the bra fell to the floor. He lifted me up onto the desk and removed my panties. I opened my legs and his fingers began to probe for my opening and when he found it and a finger entered my pussy my entire body shuddered. He knelt down between my legs and began licking me; my hands went to the back of his head and I pulled him to me, my body tingling as if electricity was running through it. 

 Larry stood up and dropped his pants. As he slipped down his briefs and his cock sprang free I reached out for it and wrapped my fingers around it. He sat down on the desk and I of course knew what he wanted; it would be my first big test for I'd never known any cock other than Al's. It was a test that I passed with an ease that surprised me. I opened my mouth and engulfed the head of Larry's penis and even as my lips closed on him my hands were reaching for his heavy balls. I remember thinking about how different from Al he tasted and wondering what his sperm would taste like if I took him to completion with my mouth. As I slowly licked and sucked his cock his hands were caressing my breasts and it wasn't too long before I began to feel the heat building in my body. Larry pulled out of my mouth and lifted me back onto the desk. I spread my legs wide for him and he drove his cock into me. We were both so hot that it only took me a minute or so to reach orgasm and less than a minute latter Larry pumped his load of cum into me. I got up from Harvey's desk and as I was arranging my clothes I noticed a cum stain on the blotter and I wondered if he would notice it, and if he did, would he have any idea of what it was (as it happened, he put one of his own next to it, but that was a lot latter). 

 Larry fucked me two more times that night, both times a pure sex no frills fuck. The first came after we had returned to the party and then watched each other across the room for forty minutes or so. It was as if ESP was at work - we both headed for the back hallway at the same time and ended up in Harv's office again. This time I simply bent forward over the desk while Larry pushed my dress up around my waist, pulled the crotch of my panties aside, and entered me from the rear. Larry pounded at me for what seemed like an hour, but in reality was only five minutes or so. I came twice before he finished and when he pulled out of me I must have been a sight to see as I stood there in my 'come fuck me' pumps, my legs spread wide, bent over the desk with a trickle of cum running down the inside of each thigh. The second time was a fast fuck in the back seat of Larry's car and as I climbed off him I bent over and took his cock in my mouth and tasted his cum for the first time. 

 Lucky for me Al was asleep when I got home. If he had been up he would have wanted to make love and there is no way he would not have noticed my sloppy pussy. As I lay in bed I thought about the events of the night, and while I now knew that I could indeed step out of my marriage and enjoy sex, I still had severe reservations about my ability to fuck in front of Al. And I had even more severe reservations about his actually liking it. In the end I took the easy way out and decided not to tell Al what I'd done. 

 For the next two weeks Larry and I could not get enough of one another. When lunch hour came I would remain behind to answer the phones while everyone else went to lunch. As soon as the last person was out the door Larry and I would head for an office and fuck like rabbits until it was time for everyone else to come back, and yes, we did almost get caught - several times. On Thursday I always got to take a long lunch hour to make up for all the days I had phone duty. I usually went shopping, but not anymore. Larry would get a hotel room and it was non-stop sex until it was time to go back to work. I was having the time of my life and even though Al was not having his fantasy fulfilled, he wasn't being left out. I was horny all the time and Al was getting fucked every time he turned around. And then Larry had to get cute. 

 One Thursday Larry asked me if I thought I might like to try two cocks at once. I looked at him as if he were crazy and told him I had absolutely no desire to try such a thing. 

 "Are you really sure about that?" he asked. "Wouldn't you like to have four hands caressing your body? A cock for each hand to play with? Just imagine a cock in your mouth while another strokes in and out of your steaming hot cunt. You would love it." 

 I told him to stop talking about it, but he kept brining it up, saying that he was going on a business trip that would be followed by three weeks vacation and he wanted to arrange for someone to keep me occupied while he was gone. He said he didn't want to come back and find he'd been replaced just because my 'hot box' couldn't go without. I laughed at he and told him not to worry - that Al would just have to take up the slack. The following Thursday, as I lay on the hotel bed freshly fucked and glowing, Larry told me to close my eyes and open my legs because he had a surprise for me. I did as he asked and he climbed between my legs and worked his hard cock into my pussy, which was a pleasant surprise for he usually didn't get it up again that quick. He started fucking me hard and fast and it only took dozen or so strokes before I was fucking back up at him, my hands on his ass pulling him into me. Then Larry told me I could open my eyes, but his voice came from beside the bed. I opened my eyes and looked up into the face of a perfect stranger - a stranger who had me only moments from cumming. I looked over to the side of the bed and saw a grinning Larry stroking his cock and watching me get fucked. He walked over to the edge of the bed and offered his dick to my mouth and I took it. As my lips locked onto his cock my orgasm washed over me. The stranger, his name was Ray and he was Larry's cousin, speeded up his strokes and I felt his warm flood as he came in me. He continued to work his cock in and out of me until he became limp and then Larry took his place. They both took tuns fucking me for the next two hours - one would be fucking me while I sucked the other one hard. When we got back to the office I told Larry that I had loved his surprise, but that he might come to regret it because I might just decide that Ray could replace him and I wouldn't need him when he got back from vacation. 

 For the next two weeks Ray would fuck me every Thursday and whenever I could get loose from the house. One night I left the house to go to the store and Ray met me in the store parking lot and we fucked in the back seat while shoppers passed by on both sides of us. On the third Thursday as I was getting ready to go back to work Ray told me he wanted me to take the next Thursday afternoon off. When I asked him why he told me he had a few friends he wanted me to 'take care of''. I got very upset and told Ray to go fuck himself and that our relationship was over. As I turned to leave he tossed me a videocassette and told me to take it home and watch it, and be ready to talk to him the next day. When I got home I made sure Al wasn't around and I watched the tape. Ray must have hidden a camcorder in the closet to tape us while we fucked. He would have made a good porno-movie director - he managed to maneuver me around on that bed so that the camera got me from every angle; you could even hear me begging him to fuck me harder. The following Thursday I showed up at the hotel and found five naked men waiting for me. I won't go into detail on the happenings of that after noon, but each of them fucked me twice, several three times, and I don't even remember how many loads I took down my throat. I left that hotel room one thoroughly fucked lady, but I also left feeling somewhat unclean. 

 The following Monday when Larry came back to work I greeted him with icy silence and as soon as we were alone at lunch time I actually threw the dictionary off my desk at him and called him every dirty name I could think of. When I finally calmed down and he found out from me what had happened, he turned and left the office. He did not come back that afternoon, and when he came to work the next morning there were several bruises in evidence. At lunch he simply told me that I would have no more problems with Ray. He apologized for bring Ray into our relationship and then he left. We avoided each other for the next two days and then on Friday, as we were passing each other in the hall, I grabbed him and pulled him into a storage closet. I asked him how far he would go to make amends and he asked what I had in mind. I told him I wanted him to fuck me while my husband watched. He told me he would have to think about it. I knelt down in front of him, unzipped his fly, took out his cock and sucked on it for about a minute. Then I stood up. "You can think about that too while your at it" I said as I left the room. At lunch Larry came up to me and said he would do it if that was what I really wanted. I smiled at him and then drug him into the back office where we then tried to fuck each other's brains out. 

 That night, after dinner, I asked Al if he was really sure about wanting to watch me with another man and when he said yes I got up and put Ray's tape into the VCR, hit the play button, and turned to watch the reaction. The reaction wasn't even close to what I had expected. Al just sat there and watched the tape. About three minutes into the tape he unzipped himself and started to jack off. A couple of more minutes passed without a word being spoken and then Al looked over at me and said, "This is great honey, just fantastic." 

 I can't even begin to describe the relief I felt. I walked over to the couch, pushed Al's hand away from his cock and proceeded to give him the best blowjob I could possibly give. Later, after a frenzied fuck session, I told Al about all my doubts, what I'd done, and tried to explain why I had excluded him. He just smiled at me and told me to shut up, that if I had to use my mouth for something he had a soft dick that needed attention. 

 That was three months ago and in those three months Al has seen me fuck more than two dozen men in a variety of different locations. My absolute favorite was in the back of a pickup truck in the parking lot behind an adult bookstore. Al and Larry have become the best of friends and the three of us spend a lot of time together naked, and now whenever Al says "You know what I'd like to see you do?" my pussy starts to tingle as I try to guess what's in store for me next. In fact, just tonight as Al and Larry were lying on the bed while I was busy licking the cum off their cocks, Al said to Larry, "You know what I'd like to see? I'd like to see Mel in a sixty-nine with your wife. The look on Larry's face was priceless. Report_Story 
