#1 

 

 ****** At The Movies: The First Hour ****** bydawn1958© Diane and her husband, John had gone out to dinner at Luigies and decided to take in a movie as it was still early. The movies now playing didn't sound too good and they couldn't pick one that they both wanted to see. Seeing the movies listed that were playing at the X rated theater, they laughed at each other saying that the one playing at the Red Cat looked interesting. A couple of their friends had gone a few times and said the theater was actually quite good and most of the movies were worth seeing. They decided to take a chance and go one time just to see what all the fuss was about. 

 Paying the cashier, they entered the dimly lit seating area, which had people pretty well spread out all over. Once their eyes were accustomed to the dark, they could see two or three other couples sitting in the center section about the halfway point. The rest of the crowd seemed to be men with only one pair of girls sitting together in one of the side wings. There seemed to be a small area near the back, which was not occupied and didn't have anyone within three or four rows. Carefully, they fumbled threw the dark to a pair of seats and slumped into the plush cushions. 

 Settling in, Diane removed her jacket just as the next feature was starting. Obviously, the couples had been there awhile as they were necking fairly heavily. The two girls were a little in front and to their right, and they looked to be snuggling together, closer than you would expect for friends. Giving the elbow in the ribs to her husband, Diane pointed out that one of the girls gave the other a kiss. "Did you see that?" she said, and they both giggled. 

 Diane watched the movie unfold and there was certainly lots of beautiful skin. John commented on some of the dicks as they sure seemed to be bigger than most. The girls had bodies men only dreamed about and probably made most of the women in the audience jealous. 

 Her husband put his arm around Diane, and they necked and kissed in your own little world. Caressing her tits, he pulled the bottom of Diane's blouse out of her skirt, which allowed free access to her breasts. They were already more responsive than normal and she moaned whenever his hand brushed a nipple. Undoing the clasp of the bra, he slipped the lacy material off so it wasn't in the way any longer. Caressing the hardened nipples, Diane was really getting turned on and kept pushing up for more of his attention. 

 Then Diane's hand slipped down to John's crotch and began rubbing the raging hardon. Not to be outdone, he dipped his left hand down to the hem of her skirt. Diane immediately spread her legs to allow his hand to slip between the silky thighs. Her breathing was becoming ragged as his hand found the thin material between her legs. Pushing his fingers into the most sensitive pussy, he could feel the wetness right away. Moaning, she leaned into his neck and whispered for him to take it easy, as she were getting pretty hot. 

 He thought it best to take a trip to the washroom and then pickup some popcorn. The refreshments might keep their minds off sex so they could enjoy the movie. It was worth a try and he got up to leave. Diane asked that maybe he shouldn't go and leave her all alone, but looking around, everyone was watching the movie and not paying attention to anything else. 

 Shortly after he left, the guy sitting in the far corner to their left, came over to sit next to Diane in the seat vacated by her husband. Taken back by the bold move, she tried to shift as far over as possible. Suddenly his arm went around her shoulders and she tried to remove it with no success. Forcing her body close to his, he whispered quite sternly in her face, "Don't go making too much noise or all the guys in this place will be over here to fuck you." Looking very serious he said, "Now you just sit there and be a real good girl as your husband told me that your fantasy was to get screwed by a stranger." The lie sounded believable and Diane looked franticly around for any sign of her husband. He also said that her husband had arranged for this to be a special night and not to worry about anything. 

 Panic stricken, Diane looked around again only to see that nobody was paying any attention to what was happening. There was no one there to help her and she tried to get out of her seat only to be roughly shoved back into it by the stranger. Oh, how could her husband do such a thing? Just wait until she got him home, she thought, I'll make him sorry for arranging this. The stranger smiled upon realizing that Diane thought this was all pre-arranged. 

 All her heavy thinking made her prey for his next move. In a flash, his hand was under her blouse, which was already out of her waistband. Quickly, his large hand filled with a bare breast. When his strong, rough fingers closed over a tender nipple, Diane struggled harder to get away. Easily he held her deep in the seat and in a flash, had the buttons undone once again. Her perfectly shaped tits were exposed for this creature and he immediately dropped his hungry mouth to engulf a nipple hardened by the cool air. Sucking it deep into his mouth, he tongued it like it was the sweetest lollipop. 

 Diane was confused and unable to think of what to do to stop this stranger. Knowing she couldn't call out as none of these perverts were going to help her, she struggled to get out of his grip. If anything, the other men would join in the fun if they knew what was happening. Helplessly, she watched his head and fingers caressing her vulnerable tits. Oh John, she pleaded, please hurry back and stop this. How could her husband do such a thing, kept passing through her mind? 

 The truth was that three of this man's friends had gone to the washroom at the same time and were there to keep her husband away from the movie for as long as their buddy needed. They just stated the facts and said what the choices were; none of them were worth getting beaten over. Younger and stronger, they made a valid point. 

 Meanwhile, the guy was feasting on two of the most beautiful tits he had ever seen, let alone sucked. Jed had to admit, they had the biggest and hardest nipples. Diane shuddered with the realization that his caresses and kisses were having the wrong affect on her breasts, as he was certainly skilled at what made them enflamed. His one hand left her enlarged nipple and suddenly dropped into her lap. Unable to shift away, Diane felt his fingers search for the hem of her skirt. Finding it, they dipped under and onto her bare thighs. Struggling hard and still trying to get out of his grip, she held her legs tightly together. 

 Realizing her dilemma, Jed brought his head up to her face and whispered, "Be a real good girl and I won't call all the other guys up here to join us." Oh no, what should she do? Next, he nibbled on her ear and bit down hard enough to get her undivided attention. "Now do as you are told and open your legs so I can feel your wonderful pussy? Open your legs so I can put in fingers on your clit and finger fuck you," he whispered. 

 Unable to resist for any logical reason, Diane obliged his command and her legs opened slightly. It was all the space he needed and in a wink, his large hand was between her thighs. Pushing outward, he spread her legs, which gave him access to her private treasures. When his fingers pushed against Diane's wetness, it felt like someone hit her in the stomach. Her breath came short and quick, and she closed her eyes tightly. Maybe he would just go away if she kept her eyes closed and couldn't see him. 

 "I like them wet like this, and I love it when girls soak their panties," he told Diane just before his mean mouth found her lips. Oh, how right he was as she could feel the wetness great his intruding fingers. Damn, why did John insist that she wear these thong panties. Kissing her with a passion, his tongue tried to force her lips apart. A quick, sudden pinch on Diane's most vulnerable clit was enough to force her mouth to open in utter surprise. His tongue then went to work with demanding kisses. 

 His fingers went under the elastic and closed on the tender clitoris, rolling it in the juices, which already soaked the area. Diane thought, oh how could this be happening? Around and around he rolled the sensitive bud, and soon her hips were belying her resistance. 

 Guilt and shame washed over her body as she felt a few quick spasms rocket through her loins. Here this animal was giving her satisfaction completely against her will. His two fingers slipped deep into Diane's wet channel, capturing the protruding clit between them. He now moved his fingers vigorously from side to side, causing small animal sounds to escape her lips. If only he would stop, just pause for a few seconds, maybe she could regain some control and composure. 

 Diane could feel her face turn beet red as her hips thrust forward to meet his experienced hand. No, no, this just can't be happening! As unbelievable as it seemed, she felt a gigantic orgasm building deep inside her burning belly. Her hips yearned for his caresses and every muscle tensed in anticipation. He could feel Diane's desire and knew she was almost ready to cum. 

 Leaning into her ear, he whispered, "You are a real woman. I love your cunt and it's so wet and hot, ready for fucking." Then he ordered her to lift her skirt up all the way and to remove her panties. He wanted her naked to his touch and knew this would further humiliate her. 

 Sobbing and her body shaking from the crying she were experiencing, Diane again pleaded with him. "Please," she begged, "don't make me do this." Another wave of shame shot through her body as she realized that if he just sat there, she would do anything this utter stranger demanded. Diane's loins were inflamed and her cunt was on fire with desire, the likes she had never felt in her life. 

 Oh, how could this complete stranger be doing this to her, and then she reached for the bottom of her skirt, lifting it all the way to her waist. Another sob racked her lithe body as her fingers, shaking in anticipation, grabbed the elastic waist of the lacy panties. Raising her knees, Diane slowly rolled the thin material down her shapely legs, letting them drop to the floor. A tear silently ran down her flushed cheek. 

 Never had her body been so alive. Maybe it was the dirty talk, or maybe just the thought of not having any control over what was happening, but Diane shamefully leaned closer to this man. Feeling his body next to hers, she needed him to fuck her now. Low and with a slight moan, she begged, "Fuck me, fuck me." Every caress, every touch from this man gave her feelings she had not experienced before. Higher and higher he took her until he felt that she was almost to the point of no return. 

 Diane was so engrossed with what his fingers were doing to her clit that she didn't even anticipate his next command. He had determined that her next humiliation was to suck his cock. Without her knowledge, he had undone his pants and lowered his clothes to expose his hard, long cock. It needed hot, sucking lips and he was about to take care of that right away. 

 His next move shocked Diane back to her senses and her breath caught once again. He took her small, delicate hand and moved it to his burning meat. Wrapping her fingers around the thick shaft, he held them firmly so she couldn't move away. The hot skin singed her hand as she felt the long shaft he had place in her fist. Slowly he pumped Diane's hand up and down the long pole. Again she felt the guilt and she did not feel the fact that he was violating her, all that went through her mind was the size and hardness of his cock. He moved her small hand up and down and Diane remembered feeling that this was the biggest cock she had felt. 

 She began pleading with him to stop, leave her alone, please. Determined to regain some composure, Diane continued. Sobbing, she kept begging him to stop right now. It only made him smile and he could feel that she would not resist. She was a hot bitch and without anyone here to help her, she would do anything he demanded. When he saw her husband feeling those gorgeous boobs and then remove her bra, he knew she was ready for some sex. He watched her squirm and roll her hips when hubby fingered her pussy. Yes, this was one hot woman and he decided to get his buddies to help him with this one. 

 "It's time to suck baby," he told Diane and it took a few seconds for it to sink in. Meanwhile, his free hand moved to her head and guided it down. She opened her eyes wide and saw the monster, as her face got closer. Another nudge and the flared head was against her lips. Diane knew what was expected and didn't know of any way to prevent what was going to happen. Another little push and it slipped between her lips. With the help and guidance of his hand, her mouth was moving up and down his long cock. Diane could taste the salty pre-cum and the animal made sure to release a few more shots for her to taste. 

 Diane had to keep her fist around the shaft so she could prevent him from ramming his entire length into her throat. Almost like being in a trance, she obediently moved the cock in and out of her hot cavity. This made him extremely happy and soon his seed was building towards a final climax. No way out now, Diane sucked the monster, as he demanded. His hips began to shift back and forth in the seat as the impending orgasm neared. He just couldn't believe his luck in getting such a beautiful, sexy woman to fall under his control. 

 Suddenly his hips thrust up and held steady for a brief moment. Then the first powerful shot of hot lava rushed down her throat. Diane attempted to pull back but he held her head firmly in place as he now jerked his weapon up and down, releasing the venom into her captive mouth. Never one to give many blowjobs, Diane swallowed quickly so as not to suffocate from all the cum he shot into her. 

 Shamed by these filthy actions taking place in the public theater, Diane could feel her erotic emotions rising even higher. Unable to control the passion, her thighs pressed together tightly, squeezing her pussy lips in an attempt to put pressure on her clit. With her seated in her seat, then leaning over to put her mouth on his bulging cock, her big tits were exposed below her chest. Realizing Diane's heightened passionate state, he reached under her upper body with both hands, his fingers catching the hard nipples as her boobs swung freely. 

 The orgasm built and finally exploded as she swallowed the last shots of white lava. Never in her life had she climaxed without someone actually caressing her cunt. Here she was, experiencing a violent orgasm because this bastard demanded her body do so. Spasm after spasm rocked Diane's thin body and just by squeezing her thighs together, her pussy exploded. Thankfully, her mouth was full of his big cock so the loud moans didn't escape her throat. Sucking harder, she drained every last ounce of cum from his balls and he was amazed at the skill she possessed. No cocksucker had ever given him such an expert blowjob. 

 Eventually the explosions subsided in Diane's loins and her muscles began to relax. Fatigue and exhaustion were setting in and she freely gave in to his next actions. He grabbed her body, raising it up to his. Then he kissed her deeply, square on the lips and with his darting tongue, demanding Diane's reaction. Passionately he kissed, soon bringing the desired reaction from her tired body. 

 Skillfully, his hand reached down, down her sweaty body until his fingers traced a path across her flat tummy. Further down, the tip of his middle finger slipped between the soaked pussy lips to press firmly on the swollen clit. Instantly, Diane's cunt was on fire as he madly rolled the wetness under his finger. Now vigorously, he demanded her hips meet the speed of his caresses on the tender clitoris. Faster her hips jerked in retaliation and Diane sobbed as she realized this monster was taking her to newer heights. Unable to stop her hips from joining him, he controlled every facet of her being. 

 Leaning to the side and whispering in her ear, he said, "Fuck me baby, fuck me. I want your cunt now." Furiously now, he pumped the swollen clit and the orgasm rushed to a peak. Up and up he took her body and Diane was not able to resist in any way. Determined to not make too much noise, she attempted to keep her mouth tightly shut so the moans could not be heard throughout the theater. When his sharp teeth closed over a throbbing nipple, her orgasm exploded. Harder he bit down but the pain was quickly forgotten. Nothing in the world could have stopped this violent eruption and it seemed to go on forever. Fingers buried in her cunt, mouth over one nipple, and his fingers on the other, he possessed Diane's entire life in his control. 

 During the last few seconds of the passionate scene, one of Jed's buddies who had been guarding her husband came back into the seating area. In the dim light, Ron witnessed the perfect body going through the throes of a most violent orgasm. All he could think was how lucky Jed was to get his rocks off with this babe. Glancing around the theater, he could see that even the low sounds coming from the pair were noticed by some of the patrons. They were looking enviously back to the two lovers. A couple of the others were matching the pair with their passionate clutches. He could feel his raging hardon yearn for some of the action. 

 What the hell, Ron thought, who was going to stop him. Like a cat, he crawled over to where the two were seated. Taking the seat next to Diane, he quickly released the waistband of his jeans and lowered his clothes. Up popped his hardon, jerking proudly up and down but hidden by the darkness. Jed noticed his buddy and understood what his intensions were. 

 The spasms had quieted in Diane's body and she was sitting motionless, back in her seat. Her skirt was still rolled up around her slender waist and her blouse was completely off her chest. The sight made Ron even more excited and he instantly dove for her treasure. Luckily he was not too big a man, and he easily slipped between the rows of seats. Before Diane realized what was going on, he spread her legs wide to allow his body to fit between them. Lifting her head to see where the movement was coming from, she saw this other stranger attack. 

 In a flash, his hot mouth closed on Diane's pussy. Pushing his strong tongue between the lips, he attacked the protruding clit with a determined passion. Reaching down with her hands, she grabbed his head and attempted to move it off her searing crotch. Diane tried in vain to resist but the two men held her firmly in her seat. There was no room for her to struggle or to get this new assaulter to stop. 

 Ron's arms went over her wide spread thighs, reaching behind her to grab her flesh and easily holding her lower body steady. Looking down, Diane could see the top of his head and the helplessness of the situation caused low begging sounds from her throat. No, no she kept repeating as she wished him to stop kissing her exposed pussy. Hungrily he ate her cunt and every now and then would release her clit only to push his tongue deep into her vagina. 

 Almost as fast as he attacked, Diane's loins felt new shocks of passion. He could smell the sex aroma drifting up from her cunt and it was like a drug to his possessed mind. Reaching down between his legs, he grabbed the thick shaft of his cock with one hand and began pumping it for self-gratification. 

 Diane's body was reacting to the caresses and her head rolled from side to side as she felt the futile attempt of resisting these bastards. Hungrily Ron sucked and nibbled, all the while pumping his iron. Soon the flames of desire were roaring again and the orgasm started to wash over her body. Every nerve seemed to be extremely alive and these men were feasting on every one of them.  

 

 ****** At The Movies: The First Hour ****** bydawn1958© Anyone watching could see a sensual woman being taken by two lovers and enjoying every second. Deep inside her womanhood, the explosions caused Diane's hips to thrust madly to the demanding mouth. Jed kissed her deeply so as to keep any sounds or moans from escaping her lips. No need to alert all the others in the theater. As it was, some of the other patrons were enjoying the erotic show unfolding a few feet away from their seats. 

 The orgasm filled Diane's body and these vultures devoured any dignity she may have retained. Never had she experienced multiple orgasms in such a short period of time. Milking every bit of sexual satisfaction from her aroused body, one sucked hard on her exploding cunt. The other kissed her lips while his big, rough hands caressed her silky breasts. Over the top they took their captured prey, and she no longer presented any resistance to their demands. Diane's juices flowed like a fountain and the hungry mouth drank the nectar, swallowing every ounce as if in a desert. 

 Once her hips stopped their feverish thrashing, Ron held his throbbing cock in one fist. Something had to be done, and done immediately as he was very close to cumming. Twisting and shifting his body until he was seated in the seat to the right, he held his ramrod straight up. 

 His intentions were quite obvious as he grabbed a handful of hair, pulling Diane's head down to his waiting iron. She actually saw a bit of humor in this as her eyes spotted the uncircumcised cock. In an attempt to stop him from ramming the long cock into her mouth, her hand went to the hard shaft. Holding it away from her face, she watched in wonderment as the skin pushed down to reveal the flared head. Then his large hand closed over hers and he began pumping both up and down the pulsating shaft. Wide-eyed Diane watched the wet, glistening head as it thrust up towards her flushed face. No, no she pleaded with him but there was no reasoning with him now. The passion had long overtaken his enraged mind and all he needed now was fulfillment. 

 Jed held Diane in place and she was unable to stop the impending attack. Pushing hard against her mouth, the flared tip split her lips. Holding her head firmly with his fingers entwined in her curly hair, he gave a persistent jerk and the weapon was planted deep into Diane's mouth. The heated cavity gave him instant gratification and more pre-cum was released from his throbbing cock. Diane could taste the salty cum and felt the knob swell as he forced her hand to grip the shaft tightly, keeping the hot lava from escaping. 

 All control gone, he suddenly released his grip on her hand and shot a powerful blast of the burning cum deep into her throat. His strong orgasm consumed his body and his hips kept thrusting forward as he emptied his load into the hot slut. Diane swallowed as fast as possible in an attempt to keep from choking. On and on it went and she wondered how there could be so much cum in one cock. Eventually, she felt the last jerks from his now semi-hardon but he held her firmly until the spasms subsided. All Diane could do was lay subdued between these two men until they decided they were finished abusing her body. In less than an hour, Diane had given two blowjobs, much against her will. 

 Eventually, the two relaxed enough to release their hold on Diane and she was able to sit up straight. Panic in her eyes, you looked around to see who was looking. Surely, others could see what was going on even in the darkened area and wouldn't they know these two men had taken Diane without her consent? A small spasm shot through her body as she realized that nobody was going to help her. If anyone noticed, they probably thought that she was a willing participant. Oh, how could this happen in a public place? 

 THE END OF THE FIRST HOUR 

 Please email your comments or advice to me, as I am new at erotic writing. I have a second hour almost ready to go and some other stories I am working on. This is the first story I have submitted to any story site and since I am not sure how this really works, I hope it works out okay.  

 

 ****** At The Movies: The Second Hour ****** bydawn1958© The Climax done, Jed told Ron to stay with Diane and he would go see how things were going in the restroom. This made her wonder, what was going on and were they doing anything to her husband, John? That would make sense. Although Diane had given in to these two creatures with the belief that John had asked them to force her to have sex with them, she started to wonder if they had not tricked her. Looking to the rear, she noticed Jed disappear into the lobby. Turning back to face the front, she heard the sounds of Ron putting his pants back on. Blushing, the memory of the last few minutes passed through her mind. How willingly she sucked his cock and gave him the satisfaction he dearly wanted. Shame and guilt followed and Diane just had to get out of this place. 

 Now was her chance, Sally, one of the two lesbians sitting in the wing off to the right, saw what she believed was Diane's husband going into the lobby? The girls had noticed them enter the theater and couldn't take their eyes off her luscious body, which was probably the reason for mistaking Jed for her husband. When they saw the second man enter the theater and join the erotic couple, it gave Sally reason to peruse her fantasy. She asked her friend, "She is doing it with two guys, why not two girls?" What she wouldn't give to feel that body raced through Sally's mind and she whispered more thoughts to her girlfriend. Seizing the opportunity, she rushed to the lobby and caught Jed just as he was going to enter the restroom. 

 "Excuse me," she said and went on to say things that had a sudden impact on Jed. She asked if he wanted to see his wife get fucked by her and her friend. She told him they would fulfill any man's dreams of having their wife make love to another woman. Jed was shocked and unable to say a word for a few seconds. Once her words sunk in, he smiled and thought of the luck just presented to him. Now all he had to do was come up with a plan to see this fantasy happen. The funny look on his face and monstrous smile once the thought sunk in, made Sally a little apprehensive. She shook it off right away as the chance to kiss Diane's treasures overcame any risks. 

 Thinking fast, Jed came up with a plan that he hoped would work. Saying he had to quickly go to the washroom, he told her that she should go back to her seat. He would signal her when his wife was ready and that would give him enough time to make the arrangements. 

 Hustling off, Sally almost ran back to her seat and her emotions were enflamed. Putting her loving arm around her friend, she kissed her and whispered softly in her ear, "I did it. Hubby was all for it and he agreed to let us make love to his wife." The girls kissed passionately and both felt the excitement of the upcoming affair. Eventually the kiss broke and Sally continued, "And the beautiful thing is that he said his wife has never had an affair with a woman." Both girls felt the butterflies flutter in their stomachs. 

 Entering the washroom, Jed asked his buddies how things were going. They said all was okay and that the husband was not any problem. One buddy always kept his hand in his jacket pocket and had indicated he had a weapon, which made John very hesitant to try any escape. No sense getting hurt in a public place and nothing too serious should happen to his wife while he was held captive. They surely wouldn't dare harm his wife with so many other people around. 

 Jed told his pals that it would be another half hour or so and promised that they would be getting some of the action. Taking one bubby aside, Jed whispered so no one else could hear, "His wife believes he set this up and she is suppose to have sex with us." A chuckle came from his throat and he continued, "Once we get her ready, we'll get out of here and we can all fuck her." This would appease his buddy and that would give time for Jed's plan to work. 

 John wondered what he meant by 'getting some of the action' but quickly let it slide. What kind of action could he have meant anyway, cope a feel or a kiss but nothing else with people around. He would just wait them out, as the movie must be at least half over so it shouldn't be much longer before they released him. 

 Returning to the darkened theatre, Jed quietly slid into the seat he had previously vacated. Oh no Diane thought, he probably wants to force her to do something else. Sitting up straight in her seat, Jed had to lean over to whisper in her ear. "I am going to tell you this once and once only," he said with a stern voice. Then he lied, "Some of my buddies are holding your husband hostage and if you don't do exactly as I say, he will be cut up real bad. Now all you have to do is follow my directions and we will gladly let him go unharmed," did she understand, he asked? 

 Diane sat there motionless, unable to move a muscle because of what Jed had just said. Her face was made of stone and she stared straight ahead at the screen. The numbing thoughts flashed through her mind as she now understood how all this happened. John didn't set anything up; they just realized an opportunity and acted on it. How stupid of her to submit to these bastards. Oh what would John say when he found out? No, he must not find out. Geez, she had to do what they said or else. Numbly, Diane nodded her head and he continued. 

 "Ron," as he motioned towards his buddy, "and I are going to take a seat right behind you. A couple of our girlfriends are going to join us and they want to show you just how sexy and attractive you are. If you don't sit and do whatever they want, I'll make sure that hubby is not the same good looking gent he was when he went to the washroom," he told Diane in no uncertain terms. 

 Grabbing the front of her now buttoned blouse, he brought Diane's face directly in front of his. "Do you understand or do we have to leave and take care of hubby?" he asked. This sudden show of force had an astounding affect on Diane and her shoulders slumped in a sign of submission. Looking back into his dark eyes, she realized this stranger owned her sole. 

 Oh no, what should she do? After what they had already done, surely they meant whatever they just told her. She just had to do whatever it took to ensure that John was not harmed. With a shrug of her slim shoulders, Diane nodded her head indicating approval. Smiling, the two villains quickly hopped over the seatbacks and sat in the seats directly behind Diane. Fuck, this was great; a fantasy come true was all that they could think of. 

 Sitting quietly for a few moments, Jed then motioned for the two girls to their right that things were ready. Hearts beating faster, the two swiftly made their way over to the row where Diane sat. Sally leading the way stepped over Diane's legs to take the seat to the left while her friend slinked into the empty seat on her right. Like a zombie, Diane sat motionless with her heart beating very rapidly. She closed her eyes and hoped that this would all go away. 

 Sally was the first to move and Diane flinched as her arm went around her shoulders. Pulling Diane closer, Sally nestled into her neck, kissing as she went. Her darting tongue left a wet trail as she brought her lips next to Diane's ear. Whispering, she told Diane how beautiful she was and that she was going to make mad passionate love to her, only the way a woman could. Then she asked Diane if she had been with a woman before and franticly Diane shook her head. Turning her head, Diane looked her in the eye and begged Sally to leave her alone. "Just sit back and relax and your husband would get the show of his life," Sally told her. 

 Diane felt like screaming, 'that man is not my husband'! He's a jerk who just forced himself on me and that she didn't even know the man. Before Diane could get out any words, Sally suddenly kissed her lips, demanding retaliation with her hot tongue. Pushing hard, she eventually forced Diane's lips apart and her kiss began. As Sally brought her body next to hers, she held Diane's left arm down, between the two bodies. Her friend, Joan knowing exactly what to do, easily placed Diane's other arm back to allow her access to her upper body. 

 Trying as she might, Diane was unable to twist or move her body and get away from the attack. Holding her breath, she felt nimble fingers undoing the buttons of her blouse. Next, the cool air struck her chest and her nipples reacted instantly. 

 Diane began to plead for them to stop. Softly she whispered, "Please don't, please don't," over and over again as sobs shook her lithe body. The girl silently pushed the shear blouse to the sides, allowing her to view the two gorgeous tits and Diane fretted for not putting her bra back on after John had removed it. Joan held perfectly still for a few seconds, admiring the beauty. Sally felt Diane's body tense as her friend opened the blouse and Diane's feeble pleas seemed to give her more encouragement. 

 Once again Diane's breath caught as Joan lowered her mouth to rain kisses all the exposed breasts, skillfully avoiding the now hardened ends. Then she flicked out her wet tongue and coated the very tip, then blew softly over the moistened bud to make the nipple yearn for more. Her caresses were so soft and tender, not like the previous rough treatment from the aroused men. While continuing to plead for them to stop, Diane could feel the betrayal of stirrings from deep within. "No, no, please," she sobbed. 

 Sally wasn't keen on the heavy breathing coming from the rear but was determined to put up with the animals. To be able to feast on such a lovely woman was worth the inconvenience of having the two men watch. Out of the corner of her eye, she could see a hard cock being fisted by a large hand. 

 Sally kissed Diane with tenderness and used the tip of her tongue to caress the most inner reaches of her mouth. Then she moved to Diane's face, neck and shoulders, which gave her immense joy. The kisses of a woman were new to Diane but they felt like no other. All of a sudden, she felt shaken by the rising passion these two girls had created in her. How quickly they brought Diane up to a point where she felt lost in desire. 

 Without warning, Sally's hand dropped into Diane's lap and it was like someone hit her in the stomach. Feeling the short skirt, she grabbed the hem and began rolling it up. Reaching the point where Diane's hips stopped the travel, Sally's hand reached under her thigh, prodding lightly to indicate that she was to lift. Caught in her spell, Diane obliged by raising her body and allowing Sally to lift her skirt up to her waist. 

 The feel of Diane's sexy body was turning Sally on and she was extremely happy with the way Diane was co-operating. Sally sensed the vulnerability and slipped her hand into the now naked lap. Diane's hips jerked wildly as her fingers traced paths through the neatly trimmed bush, dipping slightly to just barely touch the top of her pussy slit. Every time she did so, her hips would thrust up to meet the demanding fingers. 

 Somehow this dyke had taken over Diane's body and was now in control. Her every caress was causing the passion to increase and she felt small spasms begin to rush through her loins. No, this just couldn't be happening. Fighting hard, Diane was determined to regain some measure of control and stop this rising tide of ecstasy. 

 Her hand was commanding Diane's body to react, yet caressed her vulnerable areas in the way only a woman would understand. Her head suddenly lowered and her hot mouth struck the flat tummy. When she kissed and licked the flaming flesh, Diane's hands dropped to her head and began to push it lower. Her body now begged Sally to continue and to take her as she wished. Sally smiled with satisfaction and realized the need now in Diane's body. Over the rolled up skirt, her tongue wet a path to riches. 

 It was time to consume the luscious body and her hands went between Diane's thighs, pushing them slightly apart. Once they were spread, she swooped down and immediately began sucking the most private part. Tenderly, she sucked and licked the slit, paying special attention to the most sensitive clit. Diane's breathing was now short and ragged and Sally felt her body react to the skillful sucking. Her face deep in Diane's pussy, the juices now coated her hot skin. 

 All of a sudden she stopped her attack and rose up to begin kissing Diane right on the lips. Diane was now kissing the lips that were only seconds ago eating her pussy juices. Somehow the scent of the erotic juices and knowing that it was hers, made it more arousing than it should have been. The degrading act had a profound affect on Diane and without hesitation; she returned her kiss with a fury beyond any she ever experienced. The tongues joined and each took the other higher. 

 All the while, Joan was enjoying the enlarged breasts. Her intense caresses had hardened the nipples so they burnt with desire. Now she devoured each in turn, causing Diane's chest to push up to meet her hungry lips. Right in the midst of one of Sally's kisses, Joan nibbled on the enflamed buds to cause deep moans to escape Diane's throat only to get swallowed by the demanding mouth. 

 Sally's hand had replaced her mouth on Diane's pussy and now both girls were fucking her with lesbian lust. They felt the orgasm rise from deep inside her womb, and rush up to meet them. Diane's body jerked out of control as the violent explosions erupted. It happened so quickly; it caught the girls slightly off guard. 

 Sally had wanted to prolong the climax for as long as possible but Diane was beyond the point of stopping. Sally started fucking with her fingers and kept her thumb pressed firmly over the enlarged clit. Diane's hips thrashed madly to meet her demands and the most powerful orgasm of her life continued. Joan sensed her urgency and nibbled harder on a rose bud with her sharp teeth. Pinching hard on the other, the pain she caused was turned into immense pleasure and Diane rocketed onward through newfound territory. 

 The men were spell bound and sat with mouths wide open at the erotic sight of the three women. Watching the two dykes take Diane over the top was more than any man could dream about and each held their throbbing cock in their fist. The gigantic orgasm rushed through Diane's lithe body and they witnessed a lifetime fantasy of lust. The pre-cum from Jed's long cock soaked his crotch and he felt the most powerful need to fuck. His devilish mind was working feverishly to come up with a plan to fulfill this dream. 

 The girls felt small self-made orgasms shoot through their bodies as knowing fingers masturbated between their own thighs. Eventually, the spasms subsided in Diane and sweat trickled down the valley between her swollen breasts. Each girl clung to her and held her in their arms as long as possible, not wanting to leave their new lover. 

 Slowly, Sally straightened up and kissed Diane lightly on the lips. This was her sign of approval and love, which Diane understood immediately. Then she moved to the side of her face and whispered so softly, "I love you." Diane's heart stopped for a brief moment as the token of admiration had a profound affect. Sally hugged Diane in her arms and she felt the comfort of her love, as a small satisfied gasp of air escaped her throat. 

 Then Sally's lips returned to Diane's and tenderly kissed, the very tip of her tongue caressing the outer regions of her lips. Somehow this girl held every emotion and the electricity flowed from Diane to the soft lips. Past experience told Sally that Diane was now completely devoted to her and although she did not say it, returned her loving words with her body actions. Always one to hold something back for a measure of control, Diane's body quivered from what Sally was doing and she gave everything to this woman. 

 Sally smiled and decided that she would do anything in the world for a chance to possess her new lover. She had lesbian experiences with many women over the years but none had turned her stomach into a quivering pit like tonight. Yes, she would do anything to feel Diane's lips on her love box and for Diane to succumb to lust with a woman. This chance meeting during the movie would fuel many fantasies in the days to come. 

 The movie was drawing to a close and the time had flown by faster than expected. Jed had to move and move fast. The promise to his two buddies guarding her husband that they would get some action would include the two innocent lesbians. He could satisfy his raging desire with Diane while leaving his buddies to fuck the other two. It would take some doing but he was satisfied the plan would work. 

 When the movie ended, he would have to convince Diane that her husband wanted her to leave with them and John could meet them later. Then he would have to persuade John that he was to go with Ric and Lonny, his two buddies, for the intended rendezvous. Getting the two girls to join them would be the easiest part as he had noticed the loving affection Sally had adorned upon Diane. She was definitely love stuck and from what he overheard her say, would do anything in the world for Diane. 

 THE END OF THE SECOND HOUR 

 * 

 This is my second post and hope it passes the test. Please email me with your comments and suggestions as I appreciate anything you have to say. I am planning to submit other posts soon and hope they are as well received as this series. I am also starting on the next chapter in this series. It will be called 'At The Movies - After The Show' and you can tell I have set the stage in the final two paragraphs.  

 

 ****** At The Movies: After The Show ****** bydawn1958© This is the third chapter in this 'At The Movies' series and the other two were titled 'The First Hour' and 'The Second Hour'. This chapter was very hard to set up so I hope it flows smoothly and you can get excitement from reading it. Please email me with your comments and suggestions. 

 * * * * * 

 It was time to implement Jed's plan. As complicated as it was, he hoped to pull it off without a hitch. The pressure building deep inside his groin would soon burst if he didn't get fucked very soon. Watching the three girls go at it was definitely a chance in a million but it had made him mad with lust. 

 His thinking was deliberate and calculated which would enable him to fulfill his fantasy of having Diane, a married woman with a gorgeous, sexy body. He had to be quick as the credits began to roll and some of the patrons were beginning to leave the theater. The two girls rose reluctantly and left to regain their belongings still in their previous seats. Telling Ron to stay with Diane, Jed scurried to the rear and the lobby. 

 Meanwhile Diane tried her best to regain what composure she could. Buttoning her blouse, she tucked it into the waist of her skirt. Searching the immediate area by her seat, she eventually found her discarded panties. Ignoring the fact that Ron was watching, she swiftly pulled the silky material on, brushing her skirt down to look as presentable as possible. The past two hours had left Diane exhausted and drained, as it seemed every muscle in her body ached? Nothing like this had ever happened in her life and the mere thought of it made her body tremble with guilt. 

 Quickly, Jed entered the restroom and started to give instructions to buddies, Ric and Lonny in a soft voice so Diane's husband, John couldn't hear. All three chuckled at their success so far and Jed went on to tell them that they could fuck the lesbians as much as their hearts desired. He said that he and Ron were going to get the wifie and by the time they were done with her, she would be their fucking toy slut. 

 Giving them a wink and knowing thumbs up, he indicated that their time was coming. Then he reassured them by saying, "Don't worry about the girls as they won't be able to report us or else all the storied details of what transpired earlier would be brought out." Opening the front of his coat, he showed them a small digital movie camera and said, "I have all the evidence we need on this so mister and missus will not report us." 

 Turning to husband John, he told him that his wife was irate with him for supposedly arranging for a stranger to accost her. "She got severely pissed off and had Ron, my buddy, drive her home," he told John. 

 John protested saying that he would never do such a thing and that his wife would never believe such a lie. Thinking out loud, he added that they had talked about letting someone fuck her but she was always dead set against it. He had insisted many times but to no avail. Then it hit him, Diane would think he had gone ahead without her knowledge and arranged for some guy to assault her in the theater. 

 Well, Jed continued, "Whether she would or wouldn't believe he had done it wasn't that important as she had already left." In fact, he lied, "She invited us over for a drink after the movie as she thinks we are your friends." Since Jed would be riding with Ron, he asked John if he and his buddies, Ric and Lonny could go home with him so they could meet Ron and Diane there. 

 "Oh yeah, since you are inviting us in for a drink, I hope you don't mind if a couple of our girlfriends come too," he added. Now the stage was set for all eight people to be together in John and Diane's home. All Jed had to do now was convince the two girls, Sally and Joan to tag along. 

 Jed told John, Ric and Lonny he would meet them in the parking lot at John's car. Then he rushed back to the seating area, and caught the two girls just as they were coming up the aisle. Moving to meet them, he motioned them to step to the side. Then he told Sally, "My wife wants to continue the affair and asked that I arrange for you two to come to our place for a nightcap." 

 He had their total attention and Sally looked wide-eyed at him as he continued, speaking directly to her. "Apparently she liked what you did to her and wanted to get to know you better," he whispered to her. "We would love for the both of you to drop over," he repeated and looked at her, hoping for a positive response. 

 It took but a second for Sally to respond as she again had this strange feeling in the pit of her stomach. She couldn't explain it but wanted to know if she actually did have feelings for his wife. Just thinking of being with Diane again gave her goose bumps and the anticipation made her a puppet to his evil plan. Nodding her head, she answered for both by saying that they would be glad to join them. Slyly, Sally glanced over to where Diane and Ron were sitting and butterflies fluttered in her tummy. 

 "Oh yeah," Jed added and looked in the direction she was looking. "Ron is driving so hope you don't mind coming with us," he said. At this point, Sally would have agreed to anything as she was still in an overly aroused state. Nodding her head, she agreed to meet them in front of the theater. Just before he left, Jed whispered softly in Sally's ear so only she could hear. "My wife has always fantasized about being with another woman but she is extremely timid so you will have to initiate all the action," he said, and it brought a satisfied grin to her face. 

 Smiling like he had won the lottery, Jed turned and proceeded to where Ron and Diane were still sitting. She saw him coming and waited for his orders. Diane shuddered with the realization of his superior power and strength. He told her that John had already left with his two buddies and they were going to meet them at her house for drinks. "After all," he told her. "We are sorry for the things we have done to you both and just want to make it up over drinks," he added. "I promise that John will not get hurt so by having us over, it will guarantee his safety," he said with a sincere smile. 

 He could see the troubled look on Diane's face and tried to reassure her. "Don't worry. Your husband is fine and we didn't have to hurt him at all," he told her. Grabbing her elbow and indicating that she should rise, he said, "Hubby was just concerned that you were okay and I assured him that you were. I even told him that nothing happened while he was captive and we only sat with you to watch the erotic movie." Still trying to make her feel better, he continued, "Hell, I told him that when I tried to cop a feel, you almost broke my jaw." He saw the relief spread across her face and knew his lies had done the trick. 

 Diane thought of ways to get out of this situation but nothing concrete came to mind. Yes, she felt much better by knowing that John didn't know what really happened in the darkened theater. Oh, he must never find out, as he would never trust her again. She should not have let it happen but how was she to know John didn't set it all up before hand? One or two drinks, then they could ask them all to leave. And besides, they would be at home and in a much better place to gain some control over the situation. 

 Reluctantly, Diane got out of her seat with Jed's prodding, and followed him towards the lobby. Ron fell in behind and the three, silent bodies exited the movie just as the last credits flashed on the screen. 

 The timing was impeccable and everything was falling in place exactly as planned. What a stroke of luck he had sent the other three out earlier so John wouldn't see Diane. Once outside, Jed asked Ron and Diane to go to Ron's car and he would meet them in a minute. 

 Sally saw the three come out the front entrance, the married couple arm in arm with their friend close behind. A tremor rushed up her spine as she watched Diane stroll towards the parking lot. Then her supposed husband left her side and headed towards them. Jed rushed over to the two girls, and whispered for them to wait there and they would be by with the car. 

 Then he went straight to John's car, which was parked, on the far side of the lot. He went up to the driver's side window and gave explicit directions to the three. They were to meet him in about 15 minutes at John's place. Quickly, he ran around the building to Ron's car and jumped in the passenger seat. Of course Ron was driving which meant that Diane had taken a back seat. 

 Sally thought nothing of Jed rushing off in the opposite direction of his wife and friend. Her stare was directly at Diane and even the sight of her slender body at a distance was enough to turn her knees to jelly. Oh, she had never felt like this about another person and it scared her a little to know that she was letting her guard down. Going with strangers to some unknown place was not something she did every day. In fact, she was always the person in charge and therefore the ultimate dyke. She enjoyed nothing more than having a girl succumb to her charms and fall under her control. For some reason, this affair seemed different. Patiently she waited with Joan for the car to arrive. 

 As soon as Jed got in the car, he took the camera out of his pocket and turned it on. Then he handed it back to Diane and she looked puzzled at him as he told her to look in the viewer. Looking down, she noticed two or three figures displayed on the little screen. It was hard to make anything out in clear detail but as the scenes rolled by, Diane could tell that she was the center of attention. 

 Looking up to Jed for an answer, he said, "See, I was busy while the lesbian was eating your pussy." Looking down at the images once again, she could tell that one woman was sucking her breasts while the other was searching for lower treasures. Diane sat silently and her heart skipped a beat as she realized that this would give this creature all the power he needed. A tiny sob raked her body knowing Jed could make her do anything he desired. 

 Ron started the car and proceeded to drive around to the front of the theater. Jed whispered to a motionless Diane, "That is just assurance so you don't get any funny ideas of reporting us to anyone." Just before they pulled up in front of the two girls, he added, "Now I know you will be a real good girl until we get to your place. What is your address?" Timidly, she softly told him and hoped he didn't hear. 

 The look on Diane's face was priceless when the car pulled up in front of Sally and Joan, and Jed smiled when seeing her surprise. Looking directly into his eyes, she asked, "What the hell is going on?" Without hesitation, he gave an order that demonstrated who was in charge. "Sit the fuck back and let our girlfriends join the fun!" he said with the voice of a drill sergeant. 

 Diane sat rigid in her seat as the girls entered the car, Sally climbing over her legs to take the far seat. With a girl on each side of her body, Diane felt imprisoned and she closed her eyes hoping they would go away. 

 She was suddenly aware that Jed was talking to her. "Dear. Sally and Joan wanted to join us for a drink so I invited them along," he told her as he was playing the devoted husband to the max. "You don't mind, do you?" he asked. 

 In a voice that could barely be heard, Diane whispered, "No, I guess it is okay." What else could she say and she hugged the camera into her body. If she kept the evidence, maybe he would leave her alone. Then she became petrified and realized that Jed had lied to her many times. She could only imagine what was in store and now knew she was a pawn for his enjoyment. 

 Ron started to drive to her address and out of the corner of her eye, Diane could see Sally on her left. She shut her eyes tight as the visions of what this girl did to her body just an hour ago flashed through her mind. Her heart gave an extra beat or two when she remembered how Sally consumed her sole and took her where no other person had traveled. Thinking of the powerful climax, Diane felt a deep yearning in the pit of her tummy. Secretly, she wanted to know if the feelings were real or just a fleeting emotion. 

 Damn perfect, Jed thought as he watched the two girls nestle closer to Diane. Yes, they could play with Diane until they got to her place, then Ric and Lonny could fuck the two lesbians. Anyway, it would be nice to watch Diane's humiliation as the girls caressed her body. Dropping his hand into his lap, he could feel his hardon swelling with wanton desire. He decided it was not enough to fuck this gorgeous woman; he must make her submit to his humiliation. 

 Diane was suddenly aware of movement to her left and glancing out of the corner of her eye, she noticed Sally removing her jacket. Thinking of her, Diane felt a deep yearning for the unknown. How lovely Sally smiled at her when she entered the car and it gave Diane some assurance with her company. Maybe Sally could help her prevent Jed and his buddies from carrying out their perverted plans. 

 With a sudden boldness, Diane looked left and her eyes met Sally's. This vixen held her eyes and the electricity was shocking. Deep within, Diane felt a passion reserved for only special people in ones life and her body shook with the realization of the hold Sally held over her. Without words, Sally asked her to uncross her arms and open herself. Obediently, Diane put her arms to her sides and in so doing, opened the front of her jacket. For some unexplained reason, she felt helpless to resist the demands. 

 Without warning, Sally's hands went to Diane's face and guided it to her lips. When she kissed, a large explosion erupted inside and Diane moved her body closer to her master. Sally felt her submissiveness and was more than willing to show her how to become a love slave. 

 Jed was totally engrossed in the view from the backseat and he allowed the erotic scene to continue. Whispering to Ron, he told him to drive around for another 10 or 15 minutes. Ron was only too happy to comply and he drove while watching the rearview mirror with utter fascination. 

 Before tonight, Diane had never experienced love with another woman and now she was begging for it. Sally kissed and her tongue demanded a rising passion and immediately, Diane's breathing became ragged. Within seconds, she could feel intense ecstasy build deep inside and prayed for her to take her tits. Pushing her chest closer to Sally, Diane indicated her submission. Sally's lips moved to an ear and softly spoke, "Open your legs, and spread them so Joan can have your wet pussy." 

 Without any hesitation, Diane spread her legs and allowed the attacking hand to penetrate. Her face turned red from blushing and all Diane could wonder was how could she submit so readily. In a split second, Joan's fingers slipped under the soaked panties and found the moist pussy lips. Pushing her fingers between the swollen lips, she quickly seized the center of Diane's universe. Squeezing the clitoris hard between her strong fingers, Diane succumbed to her advances with a loud moan of lust. She rocked her hips up and down as fast as she could and begged Joan to become her master. Renewed guilt filled her as in a matter of seconds and Diane was consumed by erotic lust. 

 Sally leaned in to her ear and whispered, "I need you to suck my breasts now." With that, she reached down and raised her sweater up and over her tits. The order given, Diane lowered her head to seek Sally's pounding heart. She didn't need experience for any of this and her lips went directly to an enlarged nipple. Sucking it deep into her burning cavity, she let her teeth lightly rake over the flesh. When a deep moan escaped Sally's lips, Diane knew she had satisfied her superior. Hungrily she sucked the tits and felt the degrading passion rush through her body. 

 Wow, was all that Jed could say as he watched the performance in the rear. Ron finally came to a stop in front of Diane's house and none too soon. Any further and it would have been climax city. It was time for some serious fucking and both men were more than ready. 

 Quickly, the men got out of the car and opened the doors for the women who had hastily put their clothes back in order. With pounding hearts, the three got out and lead the men to the front door. Diane opened the door and was followed inside by the rest of the entourage. 

 The light was on in the entry and it was hard to see into the darkened living room. Proceeding into the living room, the shadows of the other three men could be seen on the far side of the room. It soon became evident that one man was bound in a large easy chair while the other two sat on the stuffed arms. The entering party came to a stop once inside the room and everything stood still for a brief moment. 

 It was time for Jed to put more of his plan into effect. Grabbing the elbows of Sally and Joan, he escorted them off into another room. Looking deep into Sally's eyes, he told her, "There is a price you will have to pay for me letting you have my horny wife. I promise to let you do what you like with her after you satisfy my buddies. " 

 He let his words sink in and stood waiting for her reaction. Shocked and dismayed by what he had just told her, Sally didn't know what to say. Then Jed seized the advantage by saying, "I know you want Diane and you can have her, no strings attached. Let me put it this way," he continued, "you are going to be fucked by my buddies whether you like it or not, so why not get something out of it?" 

 The girls remained silent for another few seconds, and then Sally said, "Ok, but you promise that just one quickie with your friends, then we get to have your wife?" Jed kicked himself for agreeing so fast as it made him sound desperate. With a reassuring smile, he told them that they made the right decision. Joan looked at her lover with hesitation but was willing to do whatever she asked. 

 The girls had been lovers for a year now, but in the past, each had been married so men were not unfamiliar to them. Sally was more than satisfied, as she would do almost anything for another chance with Diane. Joan was her slave so she would follow whatever Sally did. Led by Jed, the three went back into the living room. 

 Diane looked desperately at John who was bound in his favorite recliner. "What is going on?" she asked. "Don't worry honey," John said, "do whatever they say and we won't get hurt." 

 When the three re-entered the room, things began to happen much faster. As quick as a cat, Lonny was all over Sally. Ric was overly excited from the entire wait and he immediately attacked Joan. He held her arm and escorted her off into the den. There were protests coming from Joan as it became obvious that Ric was stripping her of her skimpy clothes. 

 A person could see into the den from the living room and all eyes were focused on the nearly naked couple. In another few seconds, the word exposed became reality. As the bodies embraced and entwined, Diane could see that Ric's hard cock was standing straight out from his body. She knew she should divert her eyes but was unable to look away. Watching two people embrace in erotic passion seemed so naughty and perverted and she was determined not to miss anything. 

 Diane was shocked out of her trance by Jed repeating, "Honey, please get us a drink and we will let Ric and Lonny do their thing." With that, she went to the liquor cabinet and filled drinks for Jed, John, Ron and herself. It was obvious that the others would not need anything to drink. 

 Lonny had quickly removed Sally's clothes and the beauty of the two naked bodies took Diane back. Sally was such a breath taking woman and looking at Lonny, her eyes focused on his manhood. It bounced wildly up and down as they caressed and embraced on the couch. 

 Although it was dim in the room, she had no trouble seeing the two in action. It was obvious that Lonny was overly aroused as his act of foreplay was done in a mere minute or two. Mesmerized by his cock, Diane felt a deep burning inside her loins and she blushed deeply as she wished it were her he was caressing. She shook her head in an attempt to stop her fantasy and put her mind back to normal. The heat was building in her body and it was becoming uncomfortable.  

 

 ****** At The Movies: After The Show ****** bydawn1958© Jed had taken a straight back chair and motioned for Diane to join him. Motioning with his hand, he wanted her to sit in his lap. Looking furlong at John, she didn't know what to do. With a shrug of his shoulders, John indicated that she should co-operate with them and maybe they would leave soon. 

 Reluctantly, Diane went over to Jed and he immediately grabbed her arms. He turned her around and guided her into his lap where she was suddenly struck by realizing she had made a big mistake. His large, hard cock was pushing into her ass and she found it unbearable. She tried to get up but Jed held her firmly. "Just sit and be a good girl and we will watch the lovebirds fuck each other," he whispered in her ear from behind. 

 She now found it hard to breath as the couple, barely a few feet in front of her, was in the throes of passionate lovemaking. Lonny had succeeded in getting his body between Sally's legs and his hard cock found the target. Thrusting like a madman, it would not be long before he experienced an orgasm. Diane watched intently and again the desire of being under Lonny's body fueled her mind. Her body tensed from watching the degrading act and she wondered how she could feel jealousy? 

 The loud pounding sounds filled the room as Lonny powered his cock in and out of his captive woman. Diane's eyes slowly shifted up to Sally and she saw her head rolling from side to side. Suddenly she stopped moving and looked directly over at Diane. Her stare had a profound affect on Diane and she shook with the understanding this woman had a special place in her heart. 

 Diane could feel her body becoming highly aroused by watching the erotic couplings, as she had never peeped on such happenings. Obediently, she rose up enough to allow Jed to open his pants and his ramrod sprang free of its bindings. He made sure to raise her skirt when he sat her down again, and his hardness suddenly caressed her sensitive crotch. 

 Diane sat with her back to Jed and the length of his cock surfaced in front of her pelvis. She ripped her eyes from the couple on the sofa and looked down. The pulsing rod covered the thin strip of the thong panties and the material was so wet it served no real function. She was very aware of his burning tool and he moved his hips back and forth to get Diane's complete attention. 

 Jed wanted her to sit facing the sofa and also the easy chair for obvious reasons. Diane moved her right hand down in an attempt to move the weapon away from her crotch. Her eyes shifted to the easy chair and in a shameful move, put her little fist around the thick shaft. Then she pressed it hard into her body, feeling the heat along her vulnerable pussy. Unable to stop, she rubbed the fiery meat over the wetness. Little moans could be heard and her eyes pleaded with John to forgive her. 

 Suddenly, Diane closed her eyes and tilted her head back slightly and her hand pressed the base of his cock on her control button. She slyly moved her hips and felt more aroused than she had in years. 

 It was time to consume Diane and Jed was getting impatient. His cock had been hard for what seemed like hours and it was time to relieve the pressure. With a little nudge on her arms, Jed whispered behind her ear that she was to remove her blouse. Unable to resist, Diane's shaking fingers went to the buttons and slowly undid them. In a flash, Jed removed the covering garment and leaned forward again to her tender ear. Whispering softly, "Please take off your bra for me," he pleaded to her. 

 Suddenly, Diane understood what Jed wanted her to do and unsure of herself, she lifted her head to look at John and Ron sitting on the far chair. Both were spell bound from watching all the sexual activity and John was not concerned at all that one of the women was his wife. 

 Shame flashed through Diane as she looked down to see what she looked like. There she was sitting on a strange man's lap with her skirt hiked up around her waist. Glancing between her legs, she could see the big cock as it run over the thin, white thong and up her belly. Then she noticed his hand had gone to her lacy bra cup and his fingers had slipped under the edge. Watching with wonderment, his fingers found the hard tip and giving it a little pull, slipped it out of the protection. Expertly, he rolled the hardened nipple between his fingers and Diane could feel more control depart her body. 

 Then Jed used his other hand to pinch the elastic band of the bra and indicated he wanted it removed. Like a robot, her nimble fingers went to the clasp and flipped it open. The cups fell to the sides and her large, soft breasts were displayed to the world. He decided to finish the job and casually slipped the straps off her body. 

 "That's a good girl. Now stand up and take off your wet panties," he said to her and Diane's heart sank. Tilting her head back, she whispered to him, "No, no, please don't make me do it." With desperation, she begged him, "Don't make me do it, please. You can take my body. I won't stop you, please. Just don't force me to do it," Diane pleaded with him and began to cry in his arms. 

 Jed just ignored her pleas and sternly voiced his command over again, "Stand up and take off your panties as your husband wants to see your beautiful pussy." Oh how could she do it, is all that she asked over and over. Still asking herself the question, Diane stood on weak legs and removed her excited loins from his powerful body. Her fingers were shaking from intense fear and she pinched the elastic waistband between her thumbs and forefingers. Slowly, she rolled the thin material down her shapely legs only to let it fall at her dainty feet. All the while, she looked through the shadows at the captive figure of her husband. 

 With a smile, Jed was almost ready for the ultimate humiliation of Diane. He sensed her rising desire and need to be punished for what she had done. Reaching out, he grabbed her body and turned her around to face him. Leaving her stand before him, he stood and removed his clothes. Like a zombie, she stood still and her eyes watched intently as he stripped to reveal his muscular frame. Without looking down, she knew his hard cock was mere inches from her burning flesh. Suddenly, he sat down in the chair again and her eyes feasted on his nudity. 

 Talking softly so only she could hear, he said, "Come here and sit on my hard cock. I want you to sit in my lap and feel my cock on your pussy." Then he sat still and waited. Looking over her shoulder nervously, Diane looked to John for help. None was available and her body shook violently with a sign of defeat. 

 On legs that were about to collapse, Diane shuffled up to Jed and moved her tender torso over his hips. With her legs spread on either side of the chair, it left her totally vulnerable. Slowly she glanced down and saw his throbbing cock standing at a 90-degree angle from his crotch. She was supposed to take his cock and fuck herself and she was determined not to give in to this degrading request. 

 Watching his shaft jerk uncontrollably above his lap, it was hypnotizing to her mind. Nothing like this had controlled her so completely and she was lost in lust. Slowly and trancelike, she moved forward until she was directly above his hips. Letting her legs bend, she lowered her body so that she was sitting on top of the long meat. It ran between the two crotches and the head of the beast beckoned to her. 

 Suddenly she shifted her hips so that the base of the thick shaft spread her wet pussy and lay entirely along her enflamed slit. It caressed every inch of her opening and Diane's breathing came in sobs and moans. With a subtle move of her hips, she slide forward and deeper into Jed's lap to began using his cock for self-gratification. The rod slipped into the juices and between the puffy lips to fully caress her clitoris. 

 Shamed by her sudden display of maddening lust, Diane knew she was lost. Leaning forward, she pleaded with Jed, "Please don't force me, please, pleeeeese," as a violent spasm shot through her loins. She gave a quick glance back to the easy chair in a last vain attempt for help and her eyes pleaded for forgiveness. Then she whispered to Jed, "Don't make me do it." Pleading desperately, she said, "Please, don't make me fuck your big cock." As the words 'big cock' came out of her mouth, Diane knew what she was going to do next. 

 Suddenly her small hand reached down between the two naked bodies, and flinched when it came in contact with his fiery flesh. Jed thrust his hips up and Diane knew what he wanted. The final humiliation was going to fill Diane with guilt but she knew that she wanted nothing more than his throbbing cock deep inside her cunt. 

 With sure and determined speed, Diane lifted her hips to free his weapon. Grabbing the thick shaft in her delicate hand, she stood it up straight and aimed it with perfect accuracy. Slowly she lowered, lowered her hips until the bulbous head pushed between her craving labia. With a jerk, she embedded the monster inside her waiting cunt and held stationary for a split second. 

 A second was all she could spare as the fire rose to volcanic proportions and she released her sole to the devil. Sinking down, she swallowed his entire length and mass and it felt like nothing before in her life. Shamefully, Diane turned her head and glanced behind to see the two men totally aroused at what was happening. 

 The long shaft easily pierced her slick channel and instantly caressed every nerve inside her vagina. Jed was awestruck by the intense heat and at last his fantasy became reality. He was going to fuck this woman with all the passion endeared to him and would make her succumb to his demands. 

 The momentary pause with his cock fully embedded quickly brought his temp to a boiling point. Looking straight ahead, he spied two gorgeous tits and with one swift motion, devoured a begging rosebud. Sucking it deep into his hot mouth brought instant satisfaction to Diane and she rocked to and fro on his powerful cock. Lifting her knees, she sank even deeper on the magnificent specimen. 

 A million volts of electricity jolted her body and she turned her attention to Jed. Guilt washed over her mind but she was unable to resist saying, "Oh please, please fuck me. Use me like the slut I am and fuck me," Diane begged. She now realized that this man overtook her sole and satin possessed her. Thoughts of tomorrow entered her confused thinking and knew she would be guilt ridden after it was all over. 

 Suddenly Diane arched her back in an effort to give her tits to Jed and welcomed the caresses he rained on both hardened nipples. His sharp teeth closed on the sensitive nip and Diane let out a scream of ecstasy. Her breasts had never been so responsive in her life and she climbed the mountain towards ultimate joy. 

 Jed could not move his hips in this restrictive position so he jerked his cock with all the strength in his groin. The big shaft throbbed in Diane's deepest reaches and expertly her cunt milked his meat. The elastic walls of her pussy were stretched to the limits and then it happened. He put his arms around Diane's knees, holding them as high as possible, and held her tightly. This enabled him to pump his hips upward and he rocked her sweaty body on top of his enraged manhood. He felt his stamina disappear and knew the impending orgasm would soon rush over his body. 

 Diane gave in to the rising orgasm and it rushed through her entire body. Gigantic explosions erupted inside her burning pit and all eyes witnessed total collapse. Her body shook and pulsed from the violent orgasm until she felt his cock burst. The cum hit her deep and she relished every ounce. 

 Jed could not believe his luck as Diane was thrashing above his hips and sucking all the love juice from his balls. He shot blast after blast into her pussy to mix and join with her succulence. Pulling her naked body closer, he pressed Diane's tits flat against his chest and two became one. This enabled her torso to sink even farther onto his spear and the final bombs exploded. 

 Ron was sitting on the arm of John's chair and his cock was so hard it hurt. He watched the extremely erotic scene unwind and said a prayer for it to be over quickly. If he didn't get some action soon, he would surely ruin his pants with hot semen. 

 John just sat with his mouth wide-open and could not believe his wife was in the throes of such a quivering climax. It almost appeared that she was begging this man to fuck her harder. He could not prevent his cock from becoming as hard as a rock and it pushed up to form a tent in his lap. He was shamed for feeling aroused while his Diane was forced to succumb to her attacker. 

 As the spasms slowly subsided in Diane's loins, Jed was preparing for his next subverted plan. He knew Ron could not hold out much longer so it was now or never. Also he noticed how John reacted to his wife getting fucked and logged it away for the future. 

 "You are the best," he whispered to Diane. "Remember, we are still holding your husband for security," he told her. She glanced to the side to see the two dim figures across the room. Dazed from the orgasm, she nodded her acceptance of his control. 

 Jed continued, "I want you to get off my cock and put those sultry lips to work. Get down on the carpet and suck my cock," he said in her ear. Then he nudged her backward to indicate she was to follow his command at once. 

 Blushing so that her cheeks turned a crimson color, Diane numbly rose and stepped back on shady limbs. Looking down at his softening member, she was taken by its size even in this state. Without a word, she slowly bent down to take a position between his wide spread thighs. With her right hand, she surrounded the drooping shaft and brought the head up. 

 The aroma of sex drifted to her nostrils and the mental picture of where his cock had been, made Diane react immediately. Degrading as it seemed, her greedy mouth gobbled the head and her tongue stroked it vigorously. Diane could taste the juices and realized they were her own. Humiliated by his demands, she was overtaken with new passion from doing something so perverted. 

 There was a sound from behind her and she caught movement coming out of the darkness. Diane was on her knees, sucking Jed's cock and Ron was more than ready. Seeing her exposed crotch, his eyes focused on the soaked pussy lips, which seemed to be overly puffy. John wanted to yell for Diane to beware but no sound came from his lips. He watched in horror as Ron stripped and moved towards his naked wife. It was obvious what Ron intended to do and he moved up to Diane's ass. 

 Jed could see his buddy move to the target and he put his hands in Diane's hair so she would be held over his cock. Suddenly Ron touched her exposed flesh and Diane jerked forward. Not wanting to lose a second of Jed's beautiful cock, her other hand went to the thick shaft to enable her to keep the head in her throat. She could feel the occasional spasm flow through his cock and knew it was slowly coming to life. Hungrily, she sucked it deeper into her hot mouth. 

 Diane knew what was going to happen now that she left herself vulnerable. It was by chance, or was it on purpose, that she was in this position. Wishing her thoughts to go away, she realized that she deliberately got on her hands and knees. Yes, she knew that Ron was going to fuck her and she wanted it like a bitch in heat. 

 Ron brought his rod up to her crotch and stroked the wetness with envy. He watched his pecker move through Diane's slit, and then caress her clitoris, which made her body jump. Obediently, she spread her legs wider and gave him access to her precious womanhood. Wider she spread her thighs to indicate she was to be fucked. 

 Suddenly he attacked like a raging bull as he had watched the fucking much too long. In one powerful stroke, he rammed his rock, hard cock into Diane's heated pussy. Then he began to punish her rounded ass cheeks with slaps which quickly turned the flesh bright red. Continuing to slap, he started pumping his rod in and out and knew he was not going to prolong the enviable. Like a fury, the orgasm hit and he thrust with all his might. Diane pushed her hips back, meeting his demands with equal passion. When the hot lava struck her insides, she was truly fulfilled with the knowledge she had satisfied another man. Her juices flowed in abundance and mixed with his male seed. 

 THE END 

 This is the third chapter of 'At The Movies' and I hope you like it. The other chapters were called 'At The Movies - The First Hour' and 'At The Movies - The Second Hour'. I have not started any new chapter in this series but it has crossed my evil mind. I will get at it someday. 

 Please email me with you comments or suggestions as I appreciate any. Report_Story 
