#1 

 

 ****** Becoming a Slut Wife: Alex ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© I had never, not even once, thought about my wife having sex with another man. Alex is a very attractive woman and she does attract a lot of attention, but the only feelings that the attention generated in me were feelings of pride in that she had chosen me above all the others she could have had. And then everything turned to shit. 

 One evening six weeks ago I was hosting a poker game at our house. When it is my turn to host the game Alex always goes out for drinks with her girl friends and leaves us "crude" guys to our cards. Usually the game goes to mid-night, but on that particular night two of the six guys were consistent winners and the other four of us lost interest in playing. 

 George said, "Hey, you guys want to see some porn tapes?" 

 Everybody said why not and George went out to his car to get them. We were in the middle of the first tape when the front door opened and Alex walked in - a good two hours earlier than expected. She made her usual noticeable entrance in her tight jeans and high heels and it was obvious as she made her way into the room to join us that she'd had quite a bit to drink. Sitting down she recounted her uneventful evening and how disappointing and boring it had been. One of the guys said that our evening had pretty much sucked too, what with losing at cards and then watching porn tapes that were so bad that they didn't turn anybody on. 

 Alex giggled, "Is that all you want is to get turned on?" 

 Then to my absolute amazement Alex stood up and proceeded to unzip her jeans and, without a word, let them drop to the floor. Standing in the middle of the floor with her back to us she slowly slid her bikini panties down her long legs and stepped out of them. She casually tossed them over her shoulder and Jimmy caught them and brought them to his nose. He inhaled deeply, "God, but does she ever smell nice" and then the boys started passing her panties around and sniffing them. 

 It was obvious that Alex was getting turned on by the comments the boys were making about her panties and it didn't take much encouragement on their part to get Alex to finish undressing. Filled with courage (mostly liquid) Alex remarked that she was sorry that the porn tapes hadn't turned anybody on, but that she would give us all the real life eroticism we could handle as long as no one made any attempt to touch her. Everyone agreed to her condition and she started to do a slow dance in front of us 

 Not once during all this had she so much as looked in my direction to see how I might be taking things. 

 She danced over to where George was sitting and put a foot up on the arm of his chair. Her pussy was only inches from his nose and she inserted a finger in it and brought it out and held it under George's nose. George inhaled deeply and Alex giggled and reached down to pat the growing lump in his trousers, "I said you couldn't touch, I didn't say anything about me." She repeated her actions for everyone in the room, doing me last. She still hadn't looked me in the eyes and when I reached out to grab her and pull her down in my lap and ask her just what in the hell she was doing she slapped my hand away, "No touching, and that includes you." 

 She danced over to the dining room table and got a candle out of the centerpiece and then lying down on the floor in front of us she spread her legs wide and slid the candle into her wet hole. By now all the guys had their cocks out and they were jacking themselves off. Alex started working the candle in and out of her pussy, trying to match the rhythmic strokes of the men and suddenly Jimmy jumped up and ran over to her and shot his cum all over her belly and then he went back to his seat. As the hot cum splashed on her belly she moaned and started fucking herself faster with the candle as the other guys got up and unloaded on her tummy. Further aroused by these offerings Alex took the candle out of her pussy and tossed it to Mark who made a big show out of licking it clean. Alex crawled over to Jimmy and took the beer bottle out of his hand, lifted it to her mouth and drained it, and then lay back on the floor and started to use it as a massive dildo. She spread her red and swollen pussy lips and inserted the neck of the bottle. She was able to take all of the neck before sliding it back out, then she repeated the process half a dozen times before realizing that she wasn't going to get any more of the bottle in her. She put the bottle down and left the room. 

 Alex was back in less than a minute and she had a large dildo with her. Getting down on all fours she sensually licked and sucked on the rubber cock while looking from face to face, but still avoiding me. Alex took the rubber dick in and out of her mouth several times while she fingered her pussy. The level of excitement grew as she took the dildo out of her mouth. Reaching down Alex spread her swollen cunt lips and slowly worked the dildo into her pussy. Then she treated herself to a slow and deliberate fuck. As she continued to moan and rock back and forth the guys all got up and one by one gave up their offerings to Alex. As the cum splattered and splashed on her body she gave a load moan and had a shattering climax. 

 Lying there naked Alex looked over at me for the first time since her display started. She flashed me a seductive smile and asked me to get her a drink of water. It took me a minute or two to find a clean glass, fill it and head back to the living room. I stopped in the doorway, frozen in my tracks by the sight in front of me. George was lying on his back with his hard cock pointing straight up into the air as Jimmy and Mark were lowering a twisting, turning Alex down on him. Bill had his cock in Alex's mouth and with his hands on the back of her head holding her he was fucking her face. I couldn't tell if Alex was in the throes of passion or fighting to get free, but if she was trying to breakaway from them all thought of it vanished when her pubic bone smacked down onto George's. Alex gave a low moan around the pole in her mouth and then she started riding George's cock. I didn't know what to do. Part of me said, "That's your wife. You need to get in there and break this shit up" and part of me was so turned on at what I was watching that I had my cock in my hand and I was jacking myself off. Bill gave a loud grunt and white froth came out of Alex's mouth and then Bill stepped away and Sam took his place. The rest of the evening was a blur as one after another of my friends fucked my wife. After an hour or so of fucking Alex on the living room floor the guys picked her up and took her to the bedroom. I passed out about one and they were still going strong. 

 It was daylight when I woke up on the living room couch and at first I thought that what had happened was just an erotic dream, but as I walked into the bedroom I saw that it hadn't been. George and Sam were sleeping on the bed with Alex between them. She was snoring softly and had a cock in each hand. I went downstairs and put on a pot of coffee and when it was ready I went upstairs to wake everyone up only to find that they were already awake. Alex was on her hands and knees sucking George's cock while Sam was fucking her from behind. I watched until Sam shot his load and they switched positions before I went back downstairs. It was almost an hour later before the three of them came down. Over coffee Alex told me that she and the guys had decided that I would be the permanent host for the poker games from now on and that she wouldn't be going out with the girls anymore. 

 "It's just so much more interesting here." 

 I asked if I had any say in the matter and she said no, "You had your chance to say something last night and you didn't. By not breaking things up when you could have you let the Genie out of the bottle. Genie found out she likes being out of the bottle and she is not going back in." 

 I guess the poker games are still going on at my house. I wouldn't know since I don't live there anymore. I had to change jobs and find a new circle of friends because I couldn't stand to look at my old ones anymore. Alex calls me on the average of once a day begging me to talk to her, but as much as I love her and miss her until this afternoon I just hung up on her. This afternoon I told her not to waste anymore time calling me until she puts the Genie back into the bottle. I don't think I'll hear from her again. Report_Story 
