Becoming A Slut Wife: Phylis
============================
#1 

 

 

===

John and Wanda, our next door neighbors, won a free trip to Las Vegas and they asked me if I would feed their cats while they were gone. My wife Phyllis was out of town visiting her folks and I didn't have anything better to do so I said that I would. John gave me a key, showed me where the Meow Mix was and then he and Wanda took off. When I went over to feed the cats on the first day I saw a picture portrait of Wanda on the wall and it got me to thinking. John was an amateur photographer and he was always taking pictures. Wanda was a fox and I just knew that John must have done some nudes of her so after I fed the cats I went looking. It took about an hour but I finally found what I was looking for on the top shelf of the bedroom closet - three photo albums and over half a dozen videotapes. I took them home with me and settled down to see what Wanda had been hiding under her clothes. 

 The scrapbooks were eye openers. I never would have figured that John and Wanda could be so kinky. There were hundreds of nudes of Wanda and in almost half of them John had photographed her pushing an amazing number of things up her pussy and asshole. There were beer cans, wine bottles, candles, polish sausages and an assortment of dildos. He had also set the camera on a tripod and used a remote or a timer so he could take photos of the two of them together. My favorite was one of John buried in Wanda's ass while she had her head on a pillow and was smiling at the camera. It made my cock hard - extremely hard. Next I turned my attention to the videos and learned some else about my neighbors. In the very first scene on the first tape I saw Wanda with three cocks in her and not one of them was John. I counted thirty-one different men fucking Wanda on that first tape in ones, twos, and threes and I pretty much beat myself raw watching it. It was a six-hour tape and what with work and other things it took me two days to see it all. There wasn't anyway that I was going to be able to watch all seven of the rest before John and Wanda got home so I got busy and copied them and set them aside so I could watch them at my leisure. I'd made a diagram when I'd taken the stuff so I went back and put every thing back just the way I found it. I'd never be able to look at Wanda again without getting an immediate hard on and it wouldn't matter if she was in a ratty old bathrobe and with her hair in curlers. 

 By the time John and Wanda had come home I had watched another tape and a half. The tape that I'd only seen half of was driving me crazy. It was Wanda having a gangbang and I counted fourteen different guys who were fucking her non-stop. There were blacks, Latinos, Asians, whites, you name it and Wanda was taking them on in every hole that she had. The most memorable scene so far had her with a cock in her ass, one in her pussy and she was being held up so she could jack two guys off with her hands while alternating between two other guys with her mouth as they stood in front of her. My cock was so sore from my beating it that I could barely touch it and I had to stop watching the tape so I could leave my meat alone. Phyllis was due home and after being gone two weeks she was going to be horny as all get out and I had to make sure my dick was in condition to take care of her. She always wanted to fuck three or four times a night every night for the first two or three weeks she was back from visiting her family and this time was no exception. 

 With Phyllis home I was not able to watch Wanda's videos until Thursday rolled around and Phyllis went to her weekly bridge game. That Thursday I was finally able to finish the gangbang video before Phyllis got home and for once she didn't have to come after me when she got home. I met her at the door and fucked her on the floor right in the entryway before going upstairs and screwing until we were both exhausted. I was so exhausted that I called in sick the next morning and stayed home. Around ten Phyllis said she was going shopping so as soon as she was out the door I got out another one of Wanda's tapes and put it in the VCR. The tape started out showing nine guys taking off their clothes. Obviously it was going to be another gangbang video and I thought that if it was as hot as the last one Phyllis was going to get another workout when she got home. The camera panned across the room and moved to the head of the stairs and a vision of pure sex appeared. Nylons, garterbelt and "come fuck me" pumps were all that she had on as Phyllis came down the stairs. 

 I sat there in stunned disbelief as my wife reached the bottom of the steps and then went walking among the naked men who were waiting for her. Men reached out and caressed her tits, her ass, pulled her into embraces and kissed her while she reached down and stroked their already hard cocks. She walked to a chair in the middle of the room, took a hat off the chair, sat down and then held the hat above her head. One by one the nine men came forward and took a piece of paper out of the hat. When everyone had a piece of paper Phyllis tossed the hat aside and a large black man walked up to her and gave his paper. The men had apparently drawn lots to see in what order they were going to fuck her. She smiled up at the black and then got up and he sat down on the chair, Phyllis knelt down in front of him and began licking his cock and playing with his balls and then I watched as her red-lipsticked mouth closed around his cock and she started sucking him off. After several minutes she got up and turned her back on the man and slowly lowered herself down on his cock. Once she had bottomed out she sat still for a few moments while another man stepped forward and gave his piece of paper. She looked at it, smiled up at him and then she opened her mouth and the man stepped forward and his cock went into her mouth. She gripped his ass with both hands and sucked his cock as she began to raise and lower herself on the black man. 

 I lost sight of Phyllis as other men crowded around her and began stroking her tits, ass and legs. Then John, I assumed that it was John working the camera, said something and the men all got out of the way so he could keep Phyllis in the center of the lens. After several minutes I saw white fluid coming out of the corners of her mouth and I saw her throat working as she tried to swallow the mans offering. And then the black man must have cum because she got up and a new man sat down on the chair and another man stepped forward to offer his cock to her mouth. After about five minutes I once again saw white leaking out of her mouth and then when the man she was sitting on emptied himself into her she was moved to an air mattress on the floor and it turned into a straight gangbang as one after another the men used her. I hoped to god she had her diaphragm in, and her sponge and a gallon or two of spermicide because I sure hadn't seen any rubbers being used. Phyllis took them two at a time and sometimes three at a time and after one man was done another took his place. The date stamp on the tape said that it was taken on a Thursday about a year ago. So much for her Thursday night card game with the girls. Some of the guys had already fucked her three times and the tape still had a third to run when I heard the automatic garage door opener start to hum. I put the tape away and hurried down into the basement where I could putter around in my workshop while I thought about what I had just found out. 

 I won't say I wasn't turned on by what I'd seen my wife doing because I was. My dick was just as hard from watching Phyllis as it had gotten watching Wanda. But it wasn't Wanda that I had just watched - it was my wife! It was the woman I'd been married to, been faithful to for over seven years. How could the woman I loved, the woman who told me daily that she loved me do something like what she had been doing on that tape? How could she do that and then come home and tell me that she loved me and couldn't live without me? How many times had she done it between the date on that tape and now? When she went to visit her parents twice a year did she spend all of her time visiting with them? Did she really go to Tupperware parties and Avon parties and bridal showers? I had so much to think about and what I really wanted to do was go upstairs and fuck Phyllis until she couldn't walk. Other things started to occur to me. Phyllis was always her horniest when she came home from her visits to her folks, her card nights and her other outside activities. Did she have some psychological need to fuck me to death after being unfaithful to me? Then there was the ego thing. I'd always thought that Phyllis and I had a great sex life and now I began to wonder if she strayed because I wasn't man enough for her. I mean I was pretty sure she hadn't gone from me straight to gangbangs; there must have been a lover or two in between. 

 I heard footsteps on the stairs and I turned to see Phyllis standing there. She was wearing nylons, garterbelt, CFM high heels and a bustier that lifted up her tits but didn't cover them up. 

 "What do you think? I bought it see if it would make your dick hard." 

 As I stood there looking at her standing there on the stairs with that 'I'm going to fuck you to death' look on her face and I knew that there was no way that I was ever going to let her go no matter who and how many she fucked. I swept everything off the workbench with my arm and I fucked her right then and there. Then we went upstairs and did it again and again and again. I just could not keep my hands off of the little slut. I would finish, swear that I couldn't get it up again and Phyllis would look up at me, "Please baby, just one more time" and I would think of her sliding up and down on the cock of that black guy sitting on the chair and I would get hard all over again. By the time Monday morning rolled around I was looking forward to going to work just so I could get some rest. 

 Thursday night I pulled up and parked just up the street from the house and then used my cell phone to call Phyllis and tell her I would be late. Half an hour later Phyllis backed her car out of the drive, drove to the corner and turned right. I was all set to follow, but a right turn took her into a cul-de- sac and a street that dead-ended. By going that way she couldn't even get out of the neighborhood. I got out of my car and ran home and managed to get to the kitchen and look out in time to see Phyllis cross John and Wanda's back yard and go in their back door. I went home and waited until dark and then I put on some dark clothes and went out to play peeping tom. I walked around John and Wanda's house twice but the place was closed up tight and I couldn't see a thing. I went back home and got out the tape that I hadn't finished and sat down to watch it. Porno can be pretty repetitive and can get boring in a hurry and sometimes the tape of Phyllis might have seemed that way to someone else, but to me it wasn't. Just the fact that it was Phyllis - my Phyllis that was taking all that cock kept it exciting. When the tape ended I rewound it and watched the chair sequence again. My cock was harder than I could ever remember, but I wouldn't touch it. I made myself wait for Phyllis. At ten- thirty I was at the kitchen window with the lights off watching the back of John and Wanda's house. At ten-fifty Phyllis came out and cut through the neighboring yards to where she had parked her car. I was in bed when she came into the bedroom, "Good. You're awake. I was afraid I was going to have to wake you up." She climbed into bed with me and she smelled of fresh soap so I knew she had cleaned up before coming home. She was still very wet as far as her pussy was concerned and I asked her why she always came home from her card parties with a hot wet cunt. 

 "All that the girls talk about is their husbands, boyfriends and lovers. By the time I get done hearing about cock size, who eats pussy and how good they do it and who is fucking who I am so hot that I am dripping wet and I can't wait to get home to you and your cock." 

 Knowing what she had probably been doing and that I was getting sloppy seconds turned me into a sex maniac and I fucked her four times before I had to quit so I could get a little rest before I had to go to work. 

 The anger that I initially felt over her betrayal is gone now and so is the fear that I might lose her. She still treats me as if I am the only man in the world for her (even though I know I'm not) and I have accepted the fact that she is a slut, but she is MY slut. Surprisingly I have no desire to hide and watch or to find some way to take part in what she is doing. It is enough for me to know what she is doing and that she rushes home to me when she is done. I still have a couple of tapes that I haven't watched yet and hopefully they will have more of Phyllis on them. If not, I'll have to find a way to get into John and Wanda's house to see if they have made any more tapes that I can copy. Maybe in six months or so I can find a way to fake another contest and send them two tickets to Vegas so I can get asked to feed their cats again. Report_Story 
