#1 

 

 ****** Becoming A Slut Wife: Louise ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© I've come to the conclusion that the only thing worse than not knowing that your wife is cheating on you is knowing that she is. It's like that Country Western song, "I wish I didn't know now what I didn't know then." What makes it even worse is that I see the guy she's fucking everyday when I go to work - he's my boss. My wife has admitted to the affair and has made me promise not to say anything about it because she wants to keep on fucking him, but doesn't want him to know that I know. That means that every day I go to work and have to talk to him I know that behind that fucking smile of his he is laughing at me and thinking to himself, "I'm fucking your wife Jack and she's loving it." Why am I going along with it? Why haven't I clocked his sorry ass? Why haven't I tossed the unfaithful bitch out onto the street? Because I love the stupid bitch and because he has managed to turn her into a fuck crazy slut. Since she started the affair with him she has become an insatiable sex machine and I'm loving it a whole lot more than I probably should. 

 My mom and dad warned me when I was still single to be careful about what I brought home from work with me. Both of them told me that the way to keep peace in the house is to leave work at work when you come home. Did I listen to them? Does any kid listen to his parents when they are passing out advice? Hell no, but they were right and I should have listened to them. My wife Louise is a very strong willed and assertive woman; she is also overbearing, judgmental and contemptuous of those who do not agree with her. I knew when I married her that I was going to need a strong hand to control her and the patience of a Saint to put up with some of the stuff she comes up with, but even knowing her as well as I did I never expected her to do what she did. I came home one day following a very bad day at work. Louise asked me how my day went and I told her. The problem was that I made it sound worse than it really was and when Louise wanted to know why I hadn't done this, or done that I just shrugged my shoulders and forgot about it - but Louise didn't. 

 I began to get suspicious when Louise started working late two or three days a week. She had been at that job for twelve years and had never before had to work late in the evenings. What made me pretty sure that she was having an affair was one day I noticed that she had on a pair of black lace panties when she got home and undressed. I remembered seeing her put on a pair of pink ones that morning when she dressed for work. When she got into bed and I kissed her goodnight she smelled of soap and it was a fresh smell. Why would she have taken a bath before coming home? Where would she have taken a bath? She was eager to make love and her pussy was hot and wet and when I mentioned it to her she said it was because sex with me was all that she had been thinking about for most of the day. After we finished I got up to go to the bathroom and while there I looked in the dirty clothes hamper. The black lace panties had a white crust in the crotch area and I knew right away that it was dried cum. When I got back in bed I said, "Who is it and how long has it been going on?" 

 She looked up at me and frowned, "What in the world are you talking about?" 

 I told her about the panties in the hamper and about the change in panties that I'd noticed and then I said, "And your pussy was hot and wet because some one else has fucked you today and not too long before you got home." 

 I expected her to come up with some bullshit story about how she kept a spare pair of panties at the office in case of accidents, but she didn't; all she said was "It's your boss Mel, and it has been going on for three months now." 

 I stared down at her, "Do you love him; are we talking separation and divorce here?" 

 "No silly, I love you and only you and I'll never leave you. But I guess that you might want to throw me out now and I wouldn't blame you." 

 I do have to admit that I was somewhat amazed by that - I love you, would never leave you - this coming from a woman who had been cheating on me for three months. "How did it happen?" 

 The day after I had told her about my bad day at work I had a dentist's appointment and didn't go to work. Louise also works downtown in a building that is only two blocks from the one I work in. During the morning she left her job, went to my place of employment and barged into my boss's office. She then proceeded to give him hell over the way he had been treating me; overloading me with projects with unreasonable deadlines, etc, etc, etc. Melvin got up from his desk, walked past her, closed and locked his office door and then come back to where she was standing. He took her in his arms and said, "God, but I do love a forceful woman" and then he had kissed her. She had tried to push him away but he would not release her or break the kiss. His tongue was probing her mouth and she had found it strangely exciting to be in his office in the middle of the morning being kissed. She said she hadn't even been aware that she was returning it until he released her and she stayed glued to him. His hands had dropped to her skirt hem and he had raised it up to her waist and without being told, asked, or even aware she was doing it, she had taken the skirt and held it while he had used his hands to push down her panties. "I must have you" Mel had said and then he took her right on his desk. She said she had never felt so wicked or sexually alive as when he pushed her back and mounted her like a stud horse claiming a brood mare that was his by right. She had orgasmed twice while Melvin had fucked her. When he came he had pulled out of her, walked around his desk to where her head had been, pushed his cock at her mouth and had told her to suck him hard and she had done it. When he was stiff he moved back around the desk, pulled her up, turned her around and bent her over the desk and then he had taken her from behind. 

 "He used me! He took what he wanted and I loved it. He used me like a whore off the street - he treated me like a two-bit slut. As he fucked me bent over that desk it was just a hard driving cock and a hungry cunt - not a man and a woman having sex - just a hard cock and a hungry cunt. I can't explain it. If you had tried something like that with me I would have hit you over the head with a cast iron skillet, but from him I couldn't get enough. After he had cum in me the second time he told me - he didn't ask - just told me to go to the Hilton, get a room and call him with the room number and then get ready for him. And I did it. On the way I stopped at Victoria's Secret and got some sexy lingerie, rented a room and got ready for him. He showed up an hour after I called him and then he fucked me for most of the afternoon. He's been fucking me three and four times a week for the last three months and I'm afraid that isn't the worst of it. He shares me with his friends and customers. I'm a regular whore Jack. I'm Melvin's slut and the worst thing about it is that I love it. 

 "I love you Jack, and I love the way you love me. I love your tenderness, your sweetness and I love the way you make love to me and I don't want to lose that, but I want the other kind of sex also. There is something inside me that makes me want to be treated like a whore. When Melvin first brought another man with him he walked into the room and said 'This is Darin. Suck his cock while I make us a couple of drinks' and I did it Jack. I didn't say hey, wait just a minute here. Just who do you think you are, hold on buddy I didn't agree to any of this stuff. He told me to do it and so I did. I didn't say a word; I just walked over to Darin, went to my knees and sucked his cock. Then for the rest of the afternoon the two of them took turns on me. I loved having two cocks in me at the same time. Hell, I love having three in me at the same time. I even did a gangbang for him once, but I didn't like it much and I told him not to do it again and so far he hasn't, but I'm sure that sooner or later he will try to do it again. I really didn't mind servicing six guys, but I didn't like their attitude. They treated me like some twenty-dollar whore off the street and I didn't like it. I know that sounds strange to you, that I didn't like how they treated me, but when Mel treats me that way I love it. I just can't explain it. I come home from being treated like a slut by Mel and you make love to me and cuddle with me and when I get up in the morning I'm determined to not see Mel anymore. Then he calls me and tells me where he wants to meet me and I'm there half an hour early and waiting for whatever he wants me to do. 

 "I know I can't explain it baby because I don't even understand it myself. Please Jack, understand that I love you, that I need you, but a part of me also needs what Mel is doing to me. Don't make me stop baby. I'll do whatever I have to do to keep you, but don't make me stop. I will if you say I have to, but please don't make me. I'll make it up to you some how, I promise. Just tell me what you want me to do and I'll do it - anything baby, anything at all." 

 I told her to give me some time to think about it and we fell asleep. 

 I did think about it and the more I thought about it the more I thought that I might just like this exciting new slut in my life. I certainly got turned on thinking about her with two, three and more guys fucking her. The next day at breakfast I said, "You said you would do anything to make it up to me if I don't make you stop seeing Mel. Did you really mean it - anything?" and she said yes. "If I have Roger over here some night (Roger is my best friend and Louise hates him with a passion) will you do the same things with me and Roger that you did with Mel and Darin?" No hesitation on her part, "Yes!" "What if I had a poker game one night and told you to treat the boys right, would you take all of them on for me?" Again I got a firm yes. Not that I planned on doing either of those things, at least not for now, but I was testing the waters. "Okay" I told her, "Here is what I want you to do. Mel took something from me that was mine and I want him to give something back. The regional managers position is open and I want you to get Mel to give the job to me (you might say that I was selling out - the job meant a $17,000 a year raise, plus expense account and company car). You can tell him you want to be able to spend more time with him. The job means I'll be gone two or three days a week a couple of weeks a month. That means you can spend a couple of nights a week with him. Louise smiled and got up and went to the phone. 

 She punched in a number from memory, waited a moment and said, "Hi, it's me. Yeah, I think I can be there by then. Listen, you know that thing you talked to me about the other day? No, not that. What you said about Jack. Yeah, that's it. I brought it up at dinner last night and I think he will take the job if you offer it to him. No lover, all I said was that I'd heard Charley was leaving and I asked him if he was going to try for the job. H e said that he'd thought about it, but didn't think he had a chance. He said that for some strange reason you had been acting funny around him for about three months now and he'd gotten the impression you didn't care for him. Is that true lover? Have you been letting our little arrangement affect how you act around him? Well make sure you don't. No, you know Jack, he won't ask, but if you were to offer I think he might take it. What does it pay? Offer him twenty to make sure he goes for it. Okay, I'll be there." She hung up the phone. "Done. She what having your own personal whore can do for you? Mel mentioned the other day he'd like you to take the job so we could spend some nights together. That one was easy. The Roger thing is going to be hard for me to do, but I will baby - just tell me when." 

 I got the regional manager's job and it has indeed taken me out of town on the average of 2.6 days a week. The nights I'm gone I call home and the conversation goes something like this: 

 Hello? 

 Hi, is he there? 

 Yes. 

 Has he fucked you? 

 Yes. 

 Is he fucking you now? 

 No (although sometimes the answer is yes). 

 Did you suck his cock? 

 Yes. 

 Is he going to fuck you again? 

 I certainly hope so. 

 You fucking slut, you're loving this aren't you? 

 Yes I do, and I love you too and I want you to hurry home so I can fuck your brains out. 

 Careful. The fact that I'm letting you get away with this shit proves I don't have much in the way of brains to begin with. 

 I did make "the Roger thing" happen and, surprise, surprise Louise no longer hates him. It turns out that Roger has a ten-inch dick, Louise fell in love with it and now Roger is her new best buddy (I knew he had a big dick, but I had never seen any reason to tell her). Louise has started to bug me about setting up the poker game, "I can't wait to show you how big a slut I really am" and I suppose I'm going to have to do it. I won't have any trouble finding six guys willing to play some cards and fuck Louise; the problem is going to be finding guys who will keep their mouths shut. Louise may be a slut now, but I sure don't want the world to know. It might change things and right now I'm having too much fun. Report_Story 
