#1 

 

 ****** Belinda ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© I don't even remember what it was that triggered my suspicions, but one day I was a happily content husband and the next I was I was watching everything that Belinda did. I was sure that she was having an affair. I was checking her email on the house computer, looking in her purse when she wasn't around, checking out the glove box and the trunk of her car and even that cliché of cliché's - checking out her clothes in the laundry hamper. I found nothing. 

 But even after finding absolutely no evidence that she was betraying me there was something in the back of my mind that told me that Belinda was being untrue. There was an upside to my suspicions; I made love to Belinda more often just to see if I could find her unaccountably wet or loose. The more I made love to her the more she wanted to make love and our sex life did a 180 degree turn and went from twice a week to four and five times a week. As enjoyable as the increased amount of sex was it did not change the fact that I just knew that Belinda was cheating on me and I wanted proof before I accused her of it. 

 After two months of trying to find some trace of evidence and not finding any I was forced to admit that I might just be wrong. I decided to take one last shot at finding out and if nothing happened I would accept the fact that I was a paranoid asshole. I decided to set up an opportunity for her and then be where I could observe. 

 The simplest way to do it was to set up a phony three day business trip. That would leave Belinda with plenty of free time on her hands and I would make sure that I was in a position to see what she did with it. The first step was to give her plenty of advance notice so she could make her plans. The day of the trip came and Belinda drove me to the airport, kissed me goodbye and told me to hurry home and she would keep the bed warm for me. As soon as she was out of sight I caught the courtesy bus to a rental car agency and rented a small compact car. Our neighborhood was full of small compacts and one more parked on the street would go unnoticed. From the car rental I drove to a motel and checked myself in for three days and then I headed for home. I hoped to be in place to follow Belinda, but when I got back to the house the car was gone. I parked just up the street and walked back to the house and let myself in and then I went through the house to see if I could find anything that might tell me where she had gone. 

 In our bedroom I found that she had laid out several of her sexiest outfits on the bed and I surmised that she had picked out one and was even then wearing it. The question was for whom and where? I was prowling through the hall closet looking in coat pockets for notes or scraps of paper with phone numbers on them, anything that might give me clue when I heard the automatic garage door opener start to operate. I hurried up the stairs and positioned myself where hopefully I wouldn't be noticed and looked down into kitchen/dining room area. I saw Belinda come in with an armful of shopping bags and set them down on the kitchen table and then she went over and picked up the phone and punched in a number. 

 "Hello darling, I'm home." 

 "Yes, he got off all right. I dropped him at the airport three hours ago and just before I left to go shopping I called the airline to make sure that his flight got off on time." 

 "You do huh? What's in it for me?" 

 "Promise? All right, but you had better follow through." 

 "Love you too baby, hurry, I'm already wet just thinking about you." 

 That was it. I had what I needed. Confirmation from her own mouth and all I needed to do was go downstairs and get it over with. I had taken two steps forward on the way when all of a sudden I stopped. I knew she was an unfaithful whore, but I didn't know who with. Not that it mattered, but I was curious so I decided to hang tight and see who showed up. I heard the 'clack, clack, clack' of high heels on the hardwood floor heading for the stairs and I hurried back down the hall toward the bedroom meaning to hide in the closet. At the last second I remembered the clothes on the bed. Belinda would be putting them away before rolling around on the bed with her lover so the closet was the last place I needed to be. I slipped into the spare bedroom and left the door opened just a crack. I could see into the master bedroom from there and I settled down to wait and see who Belinda's guest would be. 

 I watched as Belinda went into the room with a shopping bag. She was wearing her highest heels; her shortest skirt and a blouse that was damned near see- through. I watched as she put away her clothes and then turned down the bed covers. She went into the bathroom and came back with the trash can and set it down next to the bed and then she emptied the shopping bag onto the bedside stand. I had to strain to make out the items, but they turned out to be a carton of rubbers, and a large bottle of KY Lotion. I had more than enough evidence now, but I still wanted to see who the asshole was who was cuckolding me. I would wait until the rubber had just been rolled onto his hard cock and then I would walk out just so I could watch his dick shrivel up. Satisfied with her preparations Belinda headed back down to the kitchen. When I heard the 'clack, clack' of her high heels on the kitchen floor I moved quickly across the hall to the bedroom and got the small Olympus D-370 digital camera that was on the shelf in the closet and then hurried back to the spare bedroom. 

 It wasn't a long wait. About ten minutes went by and then I heard a car door slam out in front of the house and a minute later the front door opened and I heard a familiar voice. Shit I thought, he sure picked a bad time to stop by. His being here would fuck up everything and then I heard, "Damn baby, don't you look good enough to eat." 

 I was stunned. It couldn't be - it just couldn't be. 

 I heard Belinda say, "If that is what you want to do lover I'm damned sure not going to stop you. Come on, I'll race you to the bedroom." 

 "You'll lose. You can't run for shit in those heels." 

 "Yeah, and you don't want me to take them off, do you? Okay then, let's stroll on up to the bedroom." 

 The two of them came up the stairs, down the hall and went into the bedroom. Even then, seeing what I was seeing, I couldn't believe what was happening. I watched as he undressed Belinda and then as she undressed him. His hands went to Belinda's tits and he began to roll her nipples between his fingers. Belinda moaned and then pushed his hands away and went to her knees in front of him. She captured his erection with her mouth and I could see her pink tongue swirling around the length of his cock. The sight just was one more hammer blow to the stake that the knowledge my wife was a whore had driven into my heart. Belinda had never sucked my cock like that. I had to beg for blow jobs and here she went after his without a word being said. It didn't take him long to fill her mouth with his cum. His hands did not even have to hold her head still as he shot his cream into her willing mouth and I watched as she greedily swallowed it all, some- thing else she would never do for me. Even though she gulped and swallowed some still leaked out of her mouth, dripped down her chin and landed on the floor. 

 Belinda licked his cock and balls clean and then she sat down on the edge of the bed, spread her legs wide and said, "Your turn." He buried his face in her pussy and Belinda tossed her head back and started moaning. Belinda's hands went to her tits and she played with her nipples and a minute or so later she uttered a sharp cry as she had an orgasm. He stood up, his cock hard again and bobbing in front of him and Belinda reached for the bedside table and got a condom out of the carton. She stood up and pushed him back on the bed and then rolled the rubber on his cock and then she swung over him and lowered herself down as she used her right hand to guide him in. 

 And then she fucked him. She rose and fell, rocked back and forth and worked his cock with her cunt while he laid there and smiled up at her. It went on for almost five minutes before she started slamming down hard on him and then she cried out and collapsed on him as she had another orgasm. He rolled her over, put her legs up on his shoulders and fucked her hard until he came and then he fell down on the bed beside her. Belinda reached over, rolled the rubber off of him and tied it off and tossed it in the waste basket and then she went down on him to get him hard again. 

 I watched for a little over an hour as full rubber after full rubber was tossed into the waste basket next to the bed. And then the final indignity - something else she would never let me do - she gave him her ass. Belinda took his cock in one hand while with the other she liberally applied some KY and then she got on her knees and buried her head in a pillow and squealed like a pig when he buried his cock in her ass and fucked her. There were tears in my eyes as I got the digital camera ready and stepped across the hallway into what used to be my bedroom. I aimed the camera at the couple on the bed and then I said, "Belinda!" and as her head came up and she looked straight at me and into the camera I pushed the shutter button. I got five more shots and I saw the look of horror on my father's face as I said, "Mom's just going to love these." 

 I turned and left the room and headed for the front door as Belinda yelled, "Robbie wait, please Robbie, wait. Don't go." And I heard her running down the hall as I walked out the front door and it closed behind me. Report_Story 
