#1 

 

 ****** Brian Was Bad ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© It was my own fault. I let my cock run away and take over my thinking and I ended up having to pay the price. 

 Collen and I met in college as sophomores and we were a couple from then on. We were married after graduation and settled down to build a life and a family. Ten near perfect years passed by and Collen and I were still in love as much as the day we were married. It was summer time and the kids were spending two weeks with my parents and Collen and I were having a fun time being alone. It was a Tuesday night and Collen was supposed to meet me at the Landing Strip Lounge when I got off work and we were going to have dinner and then maybe go out and do some drinking and dancing. Half an hour before quitting time Colleen called me and said that her mother had called and that there was a family crisis concerning her younger sister that had to be taken care of. She told me she would be late and to not wait up. I told her that I would probably stop at the Strip, have a few beers and catch a burger on the way home. 

 I was sitting at the bar nursing my second beer when the door opened and in walked Sarah Ann Bradley. I had gone through four years of high school just wishing that Sarah would look my way. That's all, just look my way and maybe smile a little bit to acknowledge that I existed. She fueled my fantasies and many are the times that I went home after seeing her and whacked myself raw with her image floating around in my head. At fifteen Sarah had the body of a twenty-one year old stripper. She was always surrounded by seventeen and eighteen year old seniors and I never was able to work up the courage to talk to her - I just spent four years staring at her and wishing. I had fantasy after fantasy about her; about how one day she would come up to me and tell me that she wanted me to take her away. I pictured her leaving her date on the dance floor during the evening of the prom and coming to my table and asking me to dance with her and then to take her out of there. If there was anything ridiculous that a guy in puppy love could think of, I thought it. And there she was, thirteen years since I'd last seen her and looking every bit as good as I had remembered. She glanced around the bar and her eyes briefly met mine and in that second I thought I saw a flicker of something. She went to a table in the back and sat down looking like she was waiting for some one or something. After five minutes or so she got up and walked over to the pool table and put a quarter on the rail. There were five in front of hers and one of them was mine. The match on the table ended and the loser walked over to the bar and bought the winner a drink and the next challenger put his money in the slot and racked the balls. 

 I was working on my third beer when it was my time up on the table. I'm not a really good stick; I like to play, but quite frankly I suck as a pool player. But this night I had luck on my side and I won the next two games. My next challenger was Sarah Ann. She racked the balls and then she looked at me and said, "You game for a change in the stakes?" 

 "I don't know, what do you have in mind?" 

 "Nothing that you can't handle. If you win I'll suck your dick. If I win you have to eat my pussy and then fuck me." 

 She caught me flat-footed and it was several moments before I got my head back together enough to say, "What's this all about Sarah Ann?" 

 "You know me?" 

 "You were the unattainable love of my life through four years of high school." 

 "I thought you looked familiar. Tony, right?" 

 Thirteen years later and I'm stunned to find out that she knew my name - knew it and had remembered it! "Yeah, it's Tony, but what is this all about?" 

 "What it is, is that it's your night to get lucky if you want to. I caught my husband cheating on me today and so tonight is payback. You going to take the bet or not?" 

 Sweet Jesus, what to do. I loved Colleen with all my heart and I had never cheated on her or even thought of cheating on her, but this was Sarah Ann Bradley! This was the girl would had filled my mind every waking moment for four years; this was the girl that made me once promised God that I would join the priesthood if he would see to it that she would just give me a date. "Why shoot? Why not just leave?" 

 "Priorities. It determines whether I suck your dick before you fuck me or if you eat me first." 

 "Why not sixty-nine and that way you don't have to worry about what comes first?" 

 "No sweetie, when I have my pussy eaten I don't the eater to have any other distractions." 

 I broke, made two balls and then missed a shot. She sank three and then missed. On my next shot I deliberately sank the eight ball, tossed my cue down on the table and said, "You win. Let's get the hell out of here." 

 In a way it was disappointing. Don't get me wrong, there was absolutely nothing wrong with the sex. Sarah Ann had a sweet tasting pussy, she gave great head and she was very active and vocal during sex. It's just that given the way that I'd felt about here I would have expected bells to ring, stars to burst over our heads, something to show how special it was supposed to be. I ate her pussy and we fucked. She sucked my cock and we fucked again. We necked for a bit and then we fucked a third time and then we both looked at our watches and knew that it was time to go. "What now" I asked. "Now I go home and rub his nose in it and we will see what happens. I love the asshole and I don't want to end the marriage, but he is going to know that I won't stand still for his running around on me. What about you?" "Almost the same I guess. I love Colleen to death and I would never have done this with anyone else, but you were, well - I just don't know how to say it - but you were special to me in some way. I hope that Colleen never finds out about this because she will probably feel about it like you did when you found out." She reached out and touched my face; "This was special sweetie and if things don't work out between me and the asshole maybe we can do it again." I knew that I wouldn't, but I took her phone number when she handed it to me and said, "Call me from time to time, okay?" 

 Colleen was sitting at the kitchen table working a crossword puzzle and drinking a beer when I got home. She looked up at me when I walked in and asked, "What's a five letter word for "to deceive?" I shrugged and she looked at me and said, "That's strange, I would have thought that you would have known that one" and the she snapped her fingers, "Got it! To deceive is to cheat." I walked over and bent down to kiss her and she pulled back from me, "Don't you touch me!" 

 "What's wrong?" 

 "What's wrong? I'll tell you what's wrong. I saw the man I'm married to take another woman to a motel, that's what's wrong. You been doing it often?" I just stood there with my mouth open not knowing what to say. "What's the matter? Never thought your stupidly trusting wife would catch you? Well tonight just wasn't your lucky night. Mom called and told me that the problem with Joan had been taken care of so I rushed down to the Landing Strip to try and catch you before you left. I got there just in time to see you come out the door with that woman. At first I thought - no, I hoped - that you were being Mr. Nice Guy, going out to help her change a flat or something. But when you both got into the same car and drove off I knew what was happening and it was confirmed when I followed you to that fucking motel." I stood there staring down at the floor unable to look at her. "For God's sake Brian say something. Tell me I was mistaken. Tell me it was something perfectly innocent. Don't just stand there - say something!" I looked up at her, tried to hold her eyes, but I couldn't. I sat down on the opposite side of the table and told her what had happened - the whole thing from the eighth grade on. She just sat there, watched me and listened. When I was done I told her that I was sorry, that I knew better, but that something had come over me and it had happened. She stared at me for several very long moments and then said, "A fantasy, huh? You satisfied a fantasy. You pissed away our marriage to satisfy a fantasy. Well I don't know what's going to happen to us Brian, but what I do know is that you are not going to bring the stink of that woman into my bedroom. I don't give a shit where you sleep, but our bedroom is off limits to you while I decide what our future, if any, is going to be" and she got up and left the room. 

 The next three days were hell for me as Colleen and I co-existed in the house. She never said a word to me and I was smart enough to keep my mouth shut. As long as she wasn't packing or telling me to pack I thought things might eventually work out. On the forth day I came home from work and as the front door closed behind me Colleen yelled, "Brian? Is that you? I'm in the bedroom. Come on up." I raced up the stairs - the freeze was over - she was going to forgive me! I hurried into the bedroom and straight into the arms of several guys who were waiting. I struggled to break free, but there were too many of them. They drug me over to a chair next to the bed and tied me to it. Then I saw Colleen. She was standing there watching me being manhandled and she was wearing only thigh high stockings and high heels. She smiled at me; "You had your fantasy the other night. You went to bed with the girl of your dreams. Well, welcome to my fantasy Brian. I dated each of these guys in either high school or college and every one of them wanted to fuck me and they all tried their best to do it. And I wanted to let them Brian; they never knew it, but what I really wanted, more than anything, was to let them have what they wanted. But I didn't Brian; I was a good girl and I was saving myself for marriage. But I never forgot them Brian. I always wondered what I had missed by being Little Miss Goody Two Shoes so once you decided to take a little trip down memory lane I thought I would too. So tonight I'm going to have my fantasy taken care of and I want you to watch as these guys do to me what I wish I had let them do to me way back when. I'm sorry for the roughness and the tying, but I wanted to make sure that you didn't turn around and leave." I noticed for the first time how many there were. I counted nine naked men whose cocks were already hard at the thought of fucking my wife. "Please Colleen, don't do this. We can..." but she interrupted and said' "I was afraid I would have to do this" and she motioned to a guy and he came over and slapped a piece of duct tape over my mouth. 

 For the next two hours I was forced to watch as nine men took turns fucking Colleen one, two and three at a time. Colleen moaned, begged and screamed out in pleasure as load after load of sperm was pumped into all three of her cock accepting holes. She had three men in her when one of the guys standing there, stroking his cock and waiting for on open hole, looked over at me and smiled. He walked over to me, "She looks great with a cock in her mouth, doesn't she. I think she likes sucking cock. Does it run in the family?" He ripped the duct tape off my mouth and when I opened my mouth to yelp in pain he shoved his cock in my mouth. He grabbed the back of my head and said, "Suck it sport. You know you want to." He was pulling my hair and it hurt, but I just sat there slack jawed. "I'm going to do this until I spit my load sport. Close your lips and give me some friction and it will be over quick. Otherwise I'm just going to stand here and ram it into you for hours." I fought it until the pain of his pulling my hair and of his cock pounding at the back of my throat became too much and I gave in. I closed my lips around him and true to his word things went quickly after that. In only a couple of minutes I felt his cock throb and he emptied himself in my mouth. He yelled out, "Hey Colleen, how's this for revenge?" Colleen stopped sucking the dick of the man in front of her and she looked over to see the guy with his cock still in my mouth. Then he pulled it out and cum spilled out and ran down my chin. A strange look came over her face and she stared into my eyes for several moments and the she turned back to the man in front of her and went back to work on his cock. 

 Once the other guys saw what the first guy had done they all came over to me. If they weren't in Colleen's holes or waiting for a hole to open up they were fucking my face. I started giving blow jobs because it was easier than putting up with the pain and somewhere along the way one of the guys said, "He's pretty good at this. A hell of a lot better than my wife." When I heard that something snapped and I began sucking every cock stuffed into my mouth with a vengeance. Want to rub my nose in it bitch? I'll give them blow jobs they will remember long after they forget about your worthless cunt! I swirled my tongue, I sucked, I licked and I swallowed and if I had been untied I'd have played with their balls. I got my reward when one of them said that I should give lessons. Several times I saw Colleen staring at me, but the only time she said a word was when one of the guys who had just been in her ass came over and was about to shove his cock in me. "No Ted! Not until you wash it off." Ted looked over at her, shrugged, and then went into the bathroom and washed his cock. 

 Then it got worse. Colleen had three in her again and the other six were standing around waiting. One of them said something and they all looked over at me. Then four of them came over and untied me. I was lifted off the chair and held while my pants were pulled down and then I was carried over to the bed. They held me face down on the bed while someone behind me smeared some liquid around my ass hole and began working on it with fingers. I heard one of them laugh, "He's going to be a lot tighter than she was." It hurt! Jesus God did it hurt and I screamed so loud that another piece of duct tape was put over my mouth. I kept screaming as one after another they fucked my virgin asshole. The hurting turned to slight discomfort by the third one, but the surprise came when the fourth one came in my ass. My cock, for God only knows what reason, had been hard since the party started. I had cum once in my pants watching them use Colleen, but I couldn't understand why it was hard now that I was being fucked in my ass. The surprise came when the forth man came in my ass and I blew a load onto the sheets under me. One of the guys laughed, "Look, he likes it." All the time I had been getting ass fucked on the bed next to Colleen I hadn't looked at her. As I was picked up off the bed I glanced at her and saw tears running down her face. What the fuck was she crying for? I was the one who should have been bellowing. One of the guys lay down on the bed and the tape was, gently this time, taken off my mouth. One of the guys said, "We don't need to hold you down now, do we?" I knew what he was getting at and I was already way past being destroyed so I got down on the bed and took him in my mouth while another one of them invaded my ass. 

 The rest of the night became a blur as I sucked cock after cock and took load after load in my ass. They left me lying on the bed as after they dressed Colleen walked them to the front door. Three of them held back until we were alone and then they came over to me. One bent over and kissed me, slipping his tongue into my mouth. He broke the kiss, "That's the least I can do. I left my number on the dresser. If you want to call me you can." He kissed me again and this time when his tongue searched my mouth I flicked mine back at him. He broke the kiss and smiled down at me, "What happened to you tonight didn't make you any less of a man, just more of the kind of man that I can like." I got the same treatment from the next guy, but what he really wanted was for me to stop by his house one night and teach his wife how to give a good blow job. The third one blew me away. He waited until the other two left and then he bent and took my cock into his mouth. He sucked it for a bit and then he said, "I will always feel guilty for what we did to you tonight. It's not the kind of man I am or am supposed to be. I've never sucked a dick before or had my ass fucked, but I'm Dan and my number is on the dresser. If you want revenge take it out on me - I deserve it. But don't take it out on Colleen. What we did to you was not part of the deal. It got out of hand and there was no way she could have stopped it. I already know your response to that - if she hadn't set this up it wouldn't have happened, but think about it - it you hadn't done what you did she wouldn't have done what she did." Then he left the room and I fell asleep. 

 I woke up the next morning with Colleen wrapped around me. I glanced at the clock and saw that I had an hour before the clock would go off and send me to work. I started to untangle myself from Colleen and she grabbed onto me - she had been lying there awake. "Don't get up baby. Stay here with me, please?" I started to roll over, "No! No, I don't want you to look at me. Just listen." I just lay there and listened as she went on, "I'm sorry for last night. I am sorry for what happened to you. It wasn't supposed to happen, but once it did I couldn't stop it. I wanted to, please believe that, but something came over me, I don't know what or why, but watching you with them was the most erotic and sexually exciting thing that I had ever seen and it turned me on more than I can believe. All I wanted to do was get even with you. I wanted to punish you for betraying me, but I only meant to punish you mentally, not physically. I knew that things around here would be a little on the cold side when I got done, but I thought that eventually we would make up and get on with our lives. But I got you hurt last night. I got you hurt bad. I didn't plan for it to happen that way baby, honest to God I didn't. Have I lost you? Do you hate me so much now that I've lost you? That's not what I wanted Brian. I love you and I don't want to lose you." I felt her tears flowing onto my shoulders and running down my back. I wanted to turn and take her in my arms and comfort her, but I couldn't. What had been done to me had altered me in ways that I didn't understand. I wasn't the man anymore that I used to be. I pulled myself away from her and got out of bed. "Brian! Don't leave me Brian! Talk to me, please talk to me." I took my shower and left the house without speaking to her. 

 It was a long morning at work and the events of the previous night kept playing over and over in my mind. During lunch break I made a phone call and fifteen minutes after leaving work I was in a motel room with Sam, the man who had kissed me and said that it was the least he could do. "Are you sure about this" he asked. "Like I told you on the phone - last night I was forced, now I have to find out something." 

 Colleen was in bed when I got home and I slept on the couch. I got up and left for work in the morning before she got up. I made a phone call at lunch and that night after work I met Sarah Ann at the Landing Strip. Her husband had not taken kindly to having his nose rubbed in her infidelity and he had stomped out of the house yelling, "I ain't going to be married to no whore." She shrugged, "I guess he didn't love me as much as I thought." I spent the next three nights with her at her house and during the day I ignored the frantic phone calls from Colleen. When I finally did go home Colleen was waiting for me. "Where have you been? Why haven't you called me? Why won't you talk to me? Jesus Brian, I've been worried sick. I shrugged, "I've been being bad. I've spent the last three nights with Sarah Ann." Anger started to show on Colleen's face and then it stopped as what was really going on sank in. She looked at me coldly and said, "Am I going to have to tie you up this time?" "Probably, if you don't want any of your asshole lovers to get hurt."  

 

 ****** Brian Was Bad ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© The night I spent with Sam showed me that I didn't really enjoy sucking cock or taking it up my ass of my own free will. By tied up and forced? Now that was a totally different story. I see Sarah Ann two or three times a week and then I go home and confess to Colleen and then one night I will come home from work and she and her lovers punish me for my transgressions. Colleen makes sure that she gets plenty enjoyment out of it, but can you blame her? Just like I found out some things about myself, she found out that she is a gangbang loving cock hungry slut. But hey, it seems to be working out for both of us. Report_Story 
