#1 

 

 ****** Candace's Anniversary ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© I learned a lesson the other day. I found out that doing your best to take care of your family is not always appreciated and in some instances it can actually destroy your marriage. 

 Candace and I have been married for more than twenty-five years and during that time we lived what most would consider an upper middle class life. We had three children, acquired a house, two cars, and all of the other things that people accumulate over the years. We also acquired the debt that goes with all those things. Candace was a stay at home mom and it fell to me to see to it that the money for the mortgage, car payments, furniture payments, money for braces for the kids, etc., etc., kept coming in. It didn't matter how much I made, it was never enough. Candace, while not necessarily greedy, never the less had an endless list of things we just had to have; tuition fund for the kids so they could go to college, a patio off the back of the house so we could entertain, new carpet because the old was showing wear, new furniture because the old stuff was sagging, new clothes because the old was out of style or did not fit any more. The end result was that the bills continued to pile up. To make the money I needed to fuel the "family machine" I worked long hours and as a result saw less and less of the family that I was taking care of. With the third child a larger house was needed which meant a larger mortgage and the need to make more money. With the new house came all the expenses of a new house like drapes, blinds, furniture for additional rooms, landscaping and a whole host of other things. This of course meant more hours at work to earn the necessary raises to cover the additional bill. It was a never ending cycle. 

 Probably the biggest casualty of the fight to stay solvent was the sex life that Candace and I had so enjoyed in our early years. Candace had a strong sex drive, but as I put in more and more hours to be more successful in meeting my family's needs, those hours began to sap my strength and I came home tired and beat. Candace would have sex every day if she could get it, but I was lucky if I could help her out two or three times a week. Candace began to masturbate regularly and I was glad because it took some of the pressure off me to perform. For her birthday I gave her a gag gift - a shoebox full of dildos of various sizes and she ended up using them often. Looking back on it now it seems strange that I never gave any thought to any of the other possible outlets for an attractive woman with a powerful need for sex. 

 In my quest for raises and promotions that brought with them a higher pay scale I finally hit pay dirt. Following several years of successfully completed projects I was called into the bosses' office and offered a promotion to vice president. The reason I was being offered the promotion instead of just being given it was because the job entailed quite a bit of travel. The company had already learned the hard way that unless the new VP didn't really mind traveling he wouldn't last long in the job. For me the money was too good to pass up, six months of paychecks would take me out of debt. Those six months flew by and the debt slowly disappeared and as an added bonus I wasn't always tired when I got home and Candace and I saw an improvement in our sex life. True, it was usually only on the week ends, but we were making love five and six times between Friday night and Monday morning. I'd leave on Monday morning, be gone until Friday and then we would do it all over again. Life was good, money was coming in, debt was disappearing and Candace and I were rediscovering each other sexually. 

 And then our anniversary came along. Our wedding anniversary was on a Thursday and I decided that it would be a good thing to spend it with Candace. I decided to surprise her so I made my travel plans to be home early Thursday. The Saturday before I had gone to a jewelry store and picked out a diamond necklace and hit a flower shop to make sure that they would have twenty-six long stemmed roses on hand for me on the following Thursday. I flew into town at noon on Thursday, hit the jewelry and flower shop and then headed on home to surprise my bride. I was very quiet when I entered the house, hoping to surprise Candace, and I went through the downstairs without finding her. As I started up the steps to the second floor I heard sounds of moaning. I thought that Candace must be masturbating and I grinned when I thought about her joyful surprise when she found out that she could put her toys away and let me take over. 

 The bedroom door was partially closed and I quietly moved up to it and peeked in. Candace was lying on the bed wearing high heels and nylons. Here legs were spread wide and kneeling between them was my boss Alan. Candace had her eyes closed and her hands were locked behind Alan's head pulling him to her pussy as she pushed her cunt up at his face. A couple of minutes passed and then Alan rolled over onto his back and Candace moved above him into a sixty-nine position and I watched as the mouth that I had kissed for twenty-six years bobbed up and down on Alan's cock. This went on for several minutes and then Candace got on her back and Alan moved between her legs. He put his hands under her hips and lifted her up as he drove himself into her. Their bodies slapped together as Candace cried out, "Oh yes, fuck me, fuck me hard." Alan drove into her as hard as he was able until he finally groaned and released himself into her. As I watched it occurred to me that she was doing what she was doing because of my neglect over the years, but even so, she was the one who kept wanting more and wanting bigger which is what made me an absent husband in the first place. It also occurred to me that maybe I didn't get the traveling VP job because I earned it; it could have just been a way to get me out of the way so Alan could enjoy her whenever he wanted. 

 In the bedroom Alan was hard again and he had Candace on all fours and was ramming into her from behind. Her tits were swaying back and forth and she was screaming "Oh god, oh god, oh god" as he pounded away. I backed slowly away from the door and went back down the stairs as quietly as I had gone up. I put the roses and the necklace on the kitchen table along with the card I'd bought. I opened the card and took out my pen and scratched out the word "Love" above where I'd signed my name and then I added a little note. "I hope you like your anniversary gift a lot more than I liked mine" and then I left the house. Report_Story 
