Chandra's Dates
===============
#1 

 

 

===

Chandra and I work for the same company and the company has a policy that says married couples can't work in the same area of the company if one of the partners reports to the other. Unfortunately Chandra works for me and it put us into a predicament. We only have three secretaries in the office and all the rest of the jobs at my division are high tech jobs and have to be filled by highly trained and experienced technicians. If it comes out that Chandra and I are married I would have to let her go. With the economy as sour as it is it might take Chandra a long time to find a job that pays as well and that has benefits as good. And we need the money so the only thing we can do is keep our marriage secret. 

 How did we get in this mess? Chandra worked in our St. Louis office and I met her when I was sent there on temporary assignment. We meet, dated and fell in love. I proposed, she accepted and we were married in a civil ceremony. One of the secretaries in my home office was quitting and Chandra put in for a transfer to fill the vacancy and got it. We did not expect to have a problem because I was due for a promotion as soon as my temporary assignment was over. We planned to keep the marriage a secret until I got the promotion and then as soon as my replacement was over her as her supervisor we would fall in love, have a whirlwind courtship and announced to all that we were getting married. Except I didn't get the promotion. Two weeks after I returned from St. Louis the company reorganized and eliminated fourteen positions. I got a raise, more responsibility and a new job title, but I stayed where I was. 

 At first it wasn't a problem, but then Chandra and I made it one. We car pooled to work every day, we ate lunch together and we talked with each other at work several times a day and the rumors started. One of the secretaries made the statement, "They look and act like they are married" and the other secretary said, "I wonder if maybe they are." We probably should have just ignored it, but Chandra and I panicked. We had to keep our marriage secret until I could get some financial matters handled, but how to do it? And then one of the techs asked Chandra for a date. She came to me, "It's perfect. I'll let him take me out to dinner and a movie, kiss him on the cheek when he brings me home and everybody will hear about it and that should kill the rumors." I wasn't all that keen on the idea, but it did seem to be the quickest way to stop the rumor before it spread. 

 I watched Chandra get ready for her evening out with Ben and it struck me that there was something very erotic about watching your wife get ready to go out on a date with another man. I had never paid much attention to Chandra when she got dressed before, but watching her roll on her nylons, step into her panties and put on her bra took on a whole new aspect. My cock got hard and I wanted to pull her down on the bed and fuck her right then and there and I told her so. "Don't be silly. Ben is due in fifteen minutes and I wouldn't have time to shower again and get ready for him." She giggled and said, "Unless you want to send me to him reeking of sex. Of course if he got a good sniff of it I might have a hard time fighting him off." She was right of course, but I warned her to expect to find a very randy husband when she got home. 

 I stayed upstairs and out of sight until Ben and Chandra had gone and then I went down to the basement workshop and went to work on a rocking chair that I was making. Chandra and I had agreed that she should be home by twelve so at eleven-thirty I cleaned up my mess and then headed upstairs to the bedroom to wait. I parked myself in a chair, watched out the window and waited like a nervous father waiting for his teenaged daughter to come home. At twenty after twelve Ben's car pulled into the drive and Chandra didn't get out right away. They sat and talked for about five minutes and then I saw them kiss and it wasn't any little kiss on the cheek. My cock sprang to life as I began to wonder what Ben's hands might be doing below the dash where I couldn't see them. The two of them broke apart and got out of the car and Ben walked Chandra to the door. I couldn't see them from where I was sitting, but I guessed that they kissed again at the front door because it was another five minutes before I heard the front door open and close. 

 I heard Chandra running up the stairs and she burst into the bedroom, "Hurry baby, hurry up, I need your cock bad." She had been undressing as she came up the stairs and she was down to her panties and nylons as she threw herself down on the bed. I pulled off her panties and fell on her and we fucked like sex crazy teenagers until I came. "Thanks baby, God but I needed that" and then she told me about her date. They had gone out to dinner, but instead of going to a show Ben had taken her dancing. "It wasn't at all what I had expected baby. I thought first date he'd be cautious and try to make a good impression, but he was poking his cock into my leg as soon as we hit the dance floor and I had to fight him off all night. He had his hands on my tits and on my ass and a couple of times when we were sitting in our booth he put his hand on my leg and tried to go higher. I did kiss him goodnight though, once in the car and then again on the front porch. I gave him some tongue baby. When he kissed me he slipped his tongue in my mouth and so I gave him some back. Does that turn you on baby? Does it turn you on to know that your sweet, young, innocent wife was out swapping tongues with another guy?" 

 "You bitch," I cried as I speared my newly risen cock into her hot pussy. 

 The next morning at breakfast I asked Chandra why she hadn't settled for a kiss on the cheek like we had planned. "I wanted him to go into work and brag about what a hot kisser I was. The word will get around and that's what we are after, right?" 

 "Yeah, but what I'm worried about is that he may think you're so hot that he will keep after you from now on." 

 "No worry there baby. He asked me out again and I told him no thanks. I told him that he was a lot of fun and that I liked him, but that he just wasn't my type or what I was looking for in a steady relationship. He seemed to accept it, kissed me one more time and then left." 

 Well, Ben did tell everyone what a good kisser Chandra was and while it scotched the rumors it started a whole new set of problems. Not a day went by that one of the guys didn't ask Chandra for a date. She politely turned them all down for several weeks and then one day she said, "I need to date one of these guys. It isn't natural that a girl like me doesn't have a husband, a steady boyfriend or at least date. To keep up appearances I think I should go out on a date at least once a month. If I only date each guy one time that will keep things quiet for at least a year. By then was should have our finances in order and then I can get engaged to you, quit my job and we can get on with our lives." 

 Again, I wasn't too keen on it, but I saw the wisdom in it. Besides, I expected to have the money problems cleaned up in six months, not a year. We decided to do it and the next day she agreed to go out with Dave when he asked her. 

 It was a repeat of her first time. I watched her get ready and got a hard on, but this time I didn't listen to her excuses why we shouldn't - I just went ahead and fucked her. I had just finished cumming when the front door bell rang and Chandra jumped up, put on a robe and went down to answer the door. She let Dave in, apologized for not being ready, showed him in the living room and then hurried back up the stairs. As she rushed to get dressed she said, "He's going to smell sex on me all night. I'll probably have to spend all night fighting him off. It would serve you right if I gave him a little. She came over to me and kissed me, "Be ready for me when I get home tonight. If I'm right, he will have me hotter that hell when I get home." 

 I didn't go to my workshop that night. The way my mind was boiling I would just end up hurting myself with a tool. "It would serve you right if I gave him a little" reverberated around inside my head. I imagined Chandra in Dave's back seat, high heels kicking at the headliner as Dave plowed his cock into her. I saw her sitting next to Dave as he drove while she stroked his cock. I saw her head dip down into his lap and watched as he humped up into her mouth while she deep throated him. What I did was drive myself crazy and I ended up taking out my cock and jacking off. 

 It was ten to one when they pulled into the drive. I sat at the window and watched as Dave and Chandra necked for about five minutes and then they got out of the car and Dave walked her to the front door. It was almost ten minutes before I heard her come running up the stairs. I could hear her calling out as she came, "You had better be ready for me you bastard" and then she was in the room and tearing off her clothes and I grabbed her, threw her on the bed and we fucked until I was too exhausted to go anymore. I was lying on the bed with Chandra beside me and she put her hand on my cock and said, "Wow baby, you must really get charged up thinking about me while I'm out with a guy. What do you do, imagine me putting out for him?" My dick twitched in her hand. "You do! You think about me fucking my date! Oh you naughty boy you." My dick twitched again and Chandra giggled, "Sorry to disappoint you baby, but all Dave got tonight was some tongue and a feel of my tits. Does it turn you on baby? Does the thought of Dave's hands being on my tits and his tongue in my mouth turn you on? Oh, I guess it does" as she stroked my cock and it rose to the challenge. 

 Three weeks later it was Mike who took her out and when he brought her home they spent fifteen minutes in his car necking. I saw a lot of movement and I wondered what was going on that I couldn't see. When Chandra got out of the car Mike did not walk her to the house. I was already on the bed naked and waiting when she came into the bedroom, but this time their was no mad frenzy to get undressed. This time Chandra did a slow strip while she talked. "Did you wonder about what me and Mike might have done tonight? Did you think of him pushing his big fat cock into my tight little pussy? Did you imagine him sucking on my tits? Could you see me wrap my red lips around his cock?" She crawled onto the bed and took hold of my throbbing erection, "Well it sure seems like something has charged you up. If Mike came in my pussy, would you eat me when I came home? Let's see." She swung over me and pushed her muff down on my mouth and for a brief moment I wondered if I was going to taste Mike's cum. She was wet, but I know what my come tastes like in her cunt so I knew she was just teasing me and in a way I suppose I was just a little disappointed. I almost wanted to taste Mike in her. "What if I sucked him like this" Chandra said as she took me in her mouth and it was all I could do to keep from cumming right away. I licked and slurped at her pussy while she pushed it down at me and sucked my cock. The she pulled her mouth away from me, "Can you taste him baby? He had two fingers in me, can you taste them?" I blew - I just couldn't hold it anymore and I just erupted and made a mess all over my belly. "You would have done it! You would have eaten my pussy if I had fucked him. You pervert you." 

 Chandra went down on me to get me hard again and when she did she got on top and sat on my cock. "He wanted me baby. Mike wanted to fuck me. Should I have? Would you rather that I had really done it than to just think about me doing it? Want to taste him baby? I didn't let him fuck me, but I did give him a hand job. Here, lick my fingers" and she put her hand to my mouth. I tasted the salty bitterness and I went wild. I rolled over and pinned Chandra beneath me and I fucked her as hard as I could and all the while Chandra was egging me on. "That's it baby, fuck me. Fuck me like Mike wanted to. Fuck me hard baby, make me forget that big cock that I had in my hand tonight. Make me forget how easy I came when he put his fingers in me." I couldn't fuck her any harder, but I wanted to and when I was ready to cum I pulled my cock out and moved up to her head and shoved it in her mouth. "Suck it you little whore. Suck it like I know you wanted to suck Mike's cock. Do it you little slut - get me hard again." We fucked as long as I could and I fell asleep exhausted. 

 Breakfast the next morning was a quiet affair with Chandra and I taking turns avoiding each other's eyes. Finally I broke the ice, "You actually gave him a hand job while you let him finger fuck you?" She glanced at me and then glanced away and nodded her head yes. "Why?" 

 Chandra, still looking down at the floor said, "To excite you." 

 "To excite me?" 

 She nodded a yes. 

 "Explain that to me please." 

 "You got so turned on when I told you about swapping tongues with Ben and Dave and how they felt me up that you fucked me like a mad man and I loved it. I went a little farther with Mike just to see how you would be and you were an animal last night and I wished you could have fucked me like that all night long." 

 What could I say? She was right. I fantasized about what could be happening from the time she left until the time she got home. I imagined her sucking and fucking her date's brains out and when she came home and told me mild stuff like french kissing and being felt up I went crazy with lust. Last night, knowing that she'd had another man's cock in her hand, I went wild. Since the only way I could look at it was that she was doing it for me - for us - I decided not to press the issue and so all I said was, "Be careful with those guys sweetie." 

 Three weeks later it was Marv who was taking her out. As she was dressing Chandra asked, "What do you think about when I'm out?" 

 "I imagine them doing everything that a guy can do to a girl." 

 "Everything?" 

 "Pretty much." 

 "Do I suck their cocks?" 

 "Yes." 

 "Do they fuck me in the back seat or take me to a motel?" 

 "Ben and Dave did you on their back seats. Mike took you to a motel." 

 Chandra stopped dressing and came over to where I was sitting on the edge of the bed and knelt down. She opened my fly and fished out my cock, took it in her mouth and when it started to grow she took her mouth of me long enough to say, "Tell me. Tell me what they do." I told her the things that I imagined her doing with them and I told her about all the thoughts that ran riot in my head while she was gone. Her head bobbed up and down on me and just as I was ready to cum the front doorbell rang. Chandra started to pull away, but I grabbed her head with both hands and held her as I punched my load down her throat and then I let her go. As she grabbed her robe to go answer the door I said, "Don't you dare brush your teeth you little slut. I want him to taste me when you are swapping tongues tonight." 

 I was waiting at the bedroom window and watching for them when they pulled into the drive. They necked for about ten minutes and then I saw Chandra's head go down out of sight. It was almost five minutes before her head came back up and then it was another five minutes before she got out of the car and ran for the house. Chandra fairly flew into the bedroom where I was already on the bed with my hard cock pointing up at the ceiling. She didn't bother to undress, just pulled off her panties and climbed on me. She pushed herself down on me and cried, "Fuck me baby, fuck your little slut." She leaned down and kissed me and drove her tongue into my mouth. Her tongue was working and she was making little squealing noises as I pushed up into her. Then she broke the kiss, "Did you taste him baby? Can you taste his cum? I gave him a blow job baby. I sucked his cock and he came in my mouth. I was so slutty tonight baby, he finger fucked me until I came and I sucked his cock in our driveway. Did you see me baby? Did you look out the window and see me go down on him? God baby, I'm such a slut for you. Fuck me baby, fuck me hard." 

 I went nuts. I couldn't stop fucking Chandra that night. Every time I thought that I was through she would say something like, "Did he taste good baby, did you like the taste of his cum" and I would be up and running again. I was so worn out that I slept until ten the next morning. When I woke up Chandra was gone and there was a note on the kitchen table telling me that she had gone to get her hair done and for me to please be waiting for her with a hard cock when she got home around noon. I was and we fucked off and on for the rest of the day and a good part of the night. The sex had been so good and so intense that I didn't say anything to Chandra about sucking off Marv. 

 It was a month before Chandra went out on another date and I wondered just what the hell was wrong with me in letting her do it. I had cleaned up the financial mess and we were now in a position to let Chandra quit her job and go look for another, but for some reason I never told her. Actually, I know why I didn't. I wanted the sexual excitement that came with her dates. Chandra and I had always had good sex, but the sex we had after she started dating was incredible. As I watched Chandra dress for her date with Bill I felt my cock grow hard and I took it out and began stroking it. She glanced over and smiled, "Already thinking about what your slut might do tonight? Going to jack off while I'm out playing with Bill? Going to think about my sucking his cock, bending over to let him fuck my nice tight little ass and then giving him my hungry pussy?" You want to suck his cum out of me when I get home? I can be really nasty if you want me to baby. Want me to crawl under the table at the restaurant and suck his cock? Just imagine me on my knees in a room full of people, hoping the tablecloth is hiding me, while I suck his hard cock. Would you like that?" 

 She was driving me crazy and I was beating my cock hard and then I came and shot cum all over the floor. "Bad boy, bad, bad boy! You are supposed to save that stuff for me." She came over, bent down and licked my cock clean, "I think I'll give Bill a taste of you tonight." 

 At eleven thirty the phone rang. It was Chandra and she said, "Be where you can see into the living room without being seen when I get home tonight" and then she hung up before I could ask her any questions. At twelve I saw headlights pull into the driveway and five minutes later Bill and Chandra came into the house. I heard her tell him to be quiet so as not to wake up her father. She led him to the couch and warned him again about being quiet, "My dad's bedroom is just above us and the floor creeks so we will hear him if he gets up, but we need to be quiet and not wake him." The two of them started necking and I saw Bill's hands go to Chandra's tits. Chandra pulled away from him, opened her blouse and unsnapped her bra and then leaned back in and started kissing him again. 

 Bill's hands went under her blouse and he started working on her sensitive nipples and Chandra began to squirm. Her hands went to Bill's belt and then she had his cock out and was stroking him. He moved one hand to her skirt and she quickly stood up and pulled off her panties, pulled her skirt up to her waist and then sat back down and went back to stroking his cock. Bill pushed one hand down to her bush and I could tell when his fingers entered her because she moaned. Then his other hand went to the back of her head and Chandra got the message and she lowered her head into his lap. I saw her mouth open and swallow the head of his cock. 

 I had my cock out and I was both trying to get myself off and not cum. I wanted my load to go into Chandra and not onto the floor, but I needed to get off in the worst way and the floor won. I heard Bill whisper that he was going to come and I saw Chandra force her head down to swallow all of his cock she could and then she held still while Bill emptied into her. When Chandra had sucked him dry and licked him clean she told him that he needed to go so she could get to bed. "I've got a long day ahead of me lover and I'm going to need my rest."  

 

 

===

The door hadn't fully closed behind Bill and I was on her. I ripped her clothes off and took her right the on the living room floor. She pulled my head down and kissed me and I tasted the salty bitterness of Bill's discharge in her mouth and I rammed her all the harder. When I came it was so hard I was almost surprised that cum didn't come out of Chandra's nose. I didn't wait to go soft, I pulled out and shoved my cock in Chandra's mouth, "Suck it you fucking slut. Get me hard again so I can fuck your slutty little asshole." When I was erect again Chandra pulled away from me and got on her hands and knees, "Do it! Fuck your unfaithful little whore in her ass." I plunged my cock in her pussy to get some lube on it and then I lined the head of my cock up with her asshole and pushed. It slid right in and I started banging Chandra as hard as I could. 

 "That's it, that's it baby, fuck your cheating whore. Fuck my ass baby, fuck me hard." 

 Chandra kept talking and her talking inflamed me and I kept fucking her as hard as I could until I finally erupted in her ass. When I started to go soft Chandra got up and ran for the bathroom and came back with a wash rag to clean off my cock and then she took me in her mouth and went to work on me again. When I was hard she pulled me on top of her, "Fuck me, come on fuck me hard. Make me forget my lovers baby, fuck their memory right out of me." 

 She talked and I fucked. 

 "Did you like seeing me suck his cock baby? Did you see me deep throat his big dick? I almost let him fuck me baby, he almost got to go all the way. I knew you were watching and I wanted to let him fuck me. Would you have liked that baby? My legs kicking in the air as he pumped his big cock into my tight pussy. Would that turn you on baby, would that make your cock hard?" 

 It went on like that the rest of the night and it wasn't until I was lying exhausted next to Chandra's sleeping body that I realized that my cock had gone too easily into her ass - way too easily - and I began to wonder just what my wife was really doing on her dates. 

 Three days later I noticed Bill, Marv and Dave all sitting at the same table in the lunchroom. I asked them if I could join them and they waved me toward the empty chair. After a lot of small talk I broached the subject that made me want to sit with them. "Guys, I'm hoping that you can help me out. I know Chandra has dated all of you and I also know that gentlemen aren't supposed to kiss and tell, but my position is such that I have to ask. I want to ask her out but because she works for me I have to be extremely careful so that I don't get hit with sexual harassment bullshit. Rumor says she's pretty easy and if she is that means that I might have no worries about the harassment crap. How about it, can you help me out here?" 

 The three of them looked at each other and then Marv said, "She's easy all right, but she's also just a little bit weird. She will fuck your brains out, do damn near anything you want to do, but only if you agree to suck your juices out of her after you are done. Then you take her home and she gives you a final blow job and never dates you again." 

 "Just one time? Anything you want and then never again?" 

 Mike said, "That's right. The night I took her out we never even made it to dinner. She slid over next to me before we were even a block from the house and told me to head for a motel and then she went down on me while I was driving." 

 Then Bill said, "I didn't even get to a motel. She had me pull over and then she let me do her twice in the back seat and then she made me take her to Mario's for dinner. I asked her why Mario's and she said it was because they had long tablecloths. She actually went under the table and gave me a blow job. A room full of people for Christ's sake and she's under the table and sucking my dick. Then it was to a motel and it was ass, pussy and mouth until it was time to take her home. She gave me a last blow job on her living room couch before telling me I had to leave and then the next two times I asked her out she says no. Told me she doesn't want to get too involved with any one guy." 

 "Well if that's the way she is I'd better leave her alone. If she's that strange there is no telling what she might do. 

 I couldn't believe it. Chandra was fucking everyone she was dating. And I'd be sitting at home waiting for her with a hard on and a smile on my face while she was out doing what I told her that I imagined her doing. What bothered me the most was that driving home and thinking about it had given me a very hard woodie. When I got home (Chandra had the day off because it was her birthday which is a paid holiday at our company) Chandra was waiting for me in nothing but high heels and thigh highs. "Waiting for my present baby. How soon can you get it up?" I wanted to scream at her and call her an unfaithful bitch, but what I did was pull my hard cock out and wave it at her. "Oh goody, you must have been thinking of me all day." 

 "You and all your lovers" I said with an edge to my tone of voice, but Chandra didn't pick up on it. 

 "I'll have a new one for you to think about this weekend. Come on and fuck me while I tell you what he is going to do to me." 

 "This weekend? You aren't due for another three weeks." 

 "I know baby, but it's my birthday and I want to give us both a present. You fuck me so good after my dates that I'm almost sorry I don't get to go out every weekend. Come on baby, fuck me while I tell you about Charlie." 

 She took hold of my cock and drug me toward the bedroom where she bent forward over the bed and said, "Fuck your whorish wife baby. Fuck me like Charlie will this weekend. Pound me like Charlie baby, fuck me hard. I'll be sucking his cock before we hit the end of the street. I'll tell him to skip dinner and find a motel. I'll spend the entire evening while I'm gone fucking his brains out. I'll let him fuck my pussy, my ass and I'll swallow as much cum as he can pump out. Don't you wish you could see it baby? Don't you wish you could watch your little whore getting fucked by her lovers? He'll fuck me real good baby, and then I'll have him suck all of his cum out of me before I come home so you won't know you're getting sloppy seconds. Think of it baby, think about Charlie fucking me and then you fucking me when he gets done." 

 I didn't confront Chandra, but I did set her up. I wanted to see for myself that she was a whore. I didn't disbelieve Dave, Marv and Bill, but men have been known to exaggerate their conquests. I told Chandra that I had to go over to my mother's, but that I would be home by the time her date was over. She gave me a wicked little grin, "If his car is in the drive when you get home and we aren't in it you better sneak quietly in the back door - we might be busy." When Charlie picked her up I was sitting on the end of the block in a borrowed car and as they pulled away from the house I saw Chandra's slide over next to him and just as she had said her head was in his lap before they hit the end of the block. I followed them across town and when they turned into a motel parking lot I headed for home. I knew what was going on in that motel room - Chandra had already described it in detail. 

 I should have been angry and upset. Hell, I should have been mad enough to kill, but all I was was hard. When Chandra got home that night she gave Charlie his goodnight blow job and then he was gone and Chandra and I tore into each other and fucked the rest of the night and most of the next day. The next day Chandra asked me if she could go from dating once a month to dating once every two weeks. "I love the wild ass way you fuck me after my dates baby and I want it more often than once a month." I knew now that she was an unfaithful whore, but I loved the sex we had too and so I said, "I don't care sweetie. If you want to date every night it's okay with me as long as the fucking stays as hot and heavy as it has been." 

 "You mean that? I can really do it as often as I want?" 

 I nodded a yes and she threw herself into my arms, "Oh God baby, I love you. I really, really love you." 

 For the next six months Chandra dated on the average of three times a week and when she came home she would tell me her fictitious story of what she had done and we would fuck like mad. I finally came to realize that what I had married was a nymphomaniac. Occasionally I would follow her just for the erotic sight of seeing her head go down in her date's lap as he drove. Her rule of never dating anyone twice fell by the wayside. There just weren't enough men where we worked for her to date a different man every time and she wanted to keep it in house so to speak. Given the way things had been going it shouldn't have come as any great surprise to me when one night I followed Chandra and her date to a motel and found Dave, Bill, Ben and Mike waiting in the parking lot. I wondered who had to clean out her pussy after that little affair and then that night I waited for the gangbang story, but didn't get one. No matter, we fucked like minks that night and the next day. 

 The next afternoon Chandra hit me with the zinger, "We have to get married now baby. We can't put it off any longer - I'm pregnant." 

 Is it mine? I don't have a clue. I suppose it could be, but it could just as easily belong to one of the others. I'll bet Chandra is praying that the kid doesn't have red hair or Marv might be getting a lot of side glances from people. Chandra interrupted my thoughts, "How do you feel about being a cuckold baby?" 

 "What?" 

 "I still want the great sex we have after we become a married couple. How do you feel about people thinking that your new wife cheats on you? I want to keep dating as long as it keeps you fired up and fucking me like crazy." 

 I'm still wrestling with that question and I don't honestly know what my answer is going to be, but the sex is just so goddamned good when she has her fake dates. I don't know that I want to give it up either. Report_Story 
