Daddy's Obsession
=================
#1 

 

 

===

Here is the definition of MIXED EMOTIONS: 

 Hiding breathlessly in my 18-year-old daughter Vanessa's bedroom closet, peering out of the slits in the door, holding my aching erection in my hand with my shorts at my knees, while I secretly invaded her most personal private moment of her life, finding myself staring at Vanessa nude except for her bra lying on her back on her bed spreading her legs to her sides, while a big- titted, topless blonde (her red thong raising above her low-rise jeans over her skinny ass) bent forward and drove her tongue into my daughter's bald hairless vagina; meanwhile, my daughter was sucking the mammoth, rock-hard cock of some adult ethnic stud, her eyelids half-closed as she moaned lost in delight. 

 THAT, my friends, is mixed emotions. GUILT, for violating Vanessa's trust; DEPRESSION, that I'm so pathetic I can't help but watch; LUST, for my daughter's almost-nude body, clothed only in her bra; MORE GUILT for that reason too, come to think of it; MORE LUST, seeing Vanessa's topless, busty female friend; and an INTENSE DESIRE to shoot my cum watching these two sexy high school senior sluts fuck each other and this hung adult stud. You know, I should add another emotion that should be mixed into there -- ANGER, for Vanessa violating her long-standing promise to her mom that she wouldn't ever invite more than one other girl to the house, and here, she has a girl plus a very not-female, adult stud. 

 But, under the circumstances, I was going to give Vanessa a pass on the rule violation. 

 * * * * 

 I do wish I wasn't Vanessa's father, at times. She's fucking incredible. "Straight-B" student, I proudly can say; hey, she's not a geek. She's a bad volleyball player (well, bench-rider), practices piano too infrequently to be any good at that, and normally spends all her waking time on the phone, iPod, in front of the TV, or some simultaneous combination of all three. But she's a sweetheart, she wouldn't hurt a fly and is willing to help others at a heartbeat. 

 And she's, well, ridiculously cute. Maybe not a hottie or model, but, she's my daughter. Short and decently petite, not a skinny rail but a size 6P, delicate smallish breasts and a round (not fat, not tiny) bubble-butt. I love her shouldesr -- bony, wide, not frail. Her thighs are a bit thick, although it looks proportionate on her frame, and her waist and hips are still free of flab. Nice flat tummy for sure, super-soft (well, so it looks). Her dark-brown hair is about shoulder-length and on any given day is in a pony tail, two ponytails, a "whale tail" (what I call it, it's pulled together like a pony tail but then sort of cascades out in a fan-like shape), or just straight down her back. Her brown eyes are big orbs and she usually has a lot of mascara and makeup around her round face. Her nose is small, but her lips are pretty thick. Mmm, yes, thick lips. 

 My fascinations with Vanessa are my own business, but the reality is, two months ago I let my depravity get the best of me. It was really late at night, I climbed out of bed quietly so as not to wake my sleeping bitch of a wife whom I can't stand anymore, and I snuck to the bathroom to jerk off. I don't know what had me horny that night. As I passed Vanessa's closed door, I saw a dim light, and I put my ear to the door. I heard muffled noises, and fuck, my state of horniness went from a "7" to, like, "50." Maybe "500." I heard her distinct, sweet voice whining as she panted rhythmically, she was masturbating. I couldn't stop myself from holding my breath and listening more. A few moments later, though, she spoke -- into a phone, no doubt. She was quietly describing how her two fingers were stretching her cunt, which she said she'd shaved just earlier for the call. I mean, fuck, that's so hot. She was having phone sex! 

 To this day, I have no idea who was on the line. And I don't know what else happened with her. I felt a wave of guilt, plus anxiety at being discovered, plus lust, and I just ran into the bathroom and jerked off hard. Didn't take long. Sat there on the bathroom floor, well more laid on my back (I like to be flat when I jerk off), with hot cum dripping down my hand and stomach, imagining Vanessa nude with a bald slit and finger-fucking herself. I got hard again in seconds and jerked off a second time not even five minutes later. 

 I could picture her soft, fleshy pale thighs parting; her teenage mound all pink; her slender fingers rubbing that swollen pink clit, then pushing into her hole, her wrist turning as her fingers entered her twat. Her eyelids closed and her jaw open as she gasped and whined. Her ass cycling on her bed, her hips pumping, her fingers fucking herself. Fuck, I'm so hard even typing this right now. 

 That image lingered in my head a week or two, and it became the dominant obsession of my daily sexual fantasies. Not just Vanessa fucking herself; but her having phonesex. Or, even real sex. Wow, just to think, some guy's hard cock entering her wet pussy. It's so fucking hot to imagine it. Ooh, even better, how about MY hard cock . . . now I'm really getting vulgar and perverted. They can lock me up for mentioning it, right? But . . . she's so cute, and so tight, and so sweet. She's kissed my cheek a billion times whispering I'm the best daddy. God, what a disgusting sicko I am, I can't be a "best" daddy if I start to get images of my 5 1/2 inch erection sliding into Vanessa's dripping wet, shaved teenage pussy. 

 You better believe, late at night I'd go to the bathroom now and then, hoping to catch another free audible show. No luck. It began to torque my depravity, because the hot but brief memory of that phone sex created a desire to catch her at it again. And not just to hear it; to see it. How sick is that? 

 I started telecommuting a couple of days a week (I'm a copyright lawyer), so I often spend the day hidden in the no-windows work room in the basement. I came up one afternoon and scared the shit out of her in the kitchen, she was just back from school and had no idea I was home. So, it became her practice to ask in the morning if I would be home that afternoon. With my little head squarely controlling all decisions, one day I decided to lie to her. I'd be downtown, I told her, all day, home after dinner time. 

 Now, I didn't have a clue how I'd pull it off, I mean, how do I "get home" when I'm already home? So, here is how depraved I was. Before Vanessa got home from school, I parked the car a couple blocks down, around a corner. I'd just have to sneak out, walk to get it, drive it home. How weird would that be? And what if Vanessa or my wife called me at the office, and was told I was home all day? But, you know, horny males don't think logically. 

 That afternoon, I turned into a dog when I heard her get home. I snuck up the stairway low to the ground; kept my head poking around corners to see where she was; kept tabs on her time to time as she stayed in the living room and kitchen, doing her overlapping iPod/TV/phone activities. I was getting stressed and depressed that I was waisting time for something that wouldn't happen, when finally after nearly an hour she went up to her bedroom. And, to my delight, locked her door shut. Who locks a door when they are home alone? 

 And, yes, I pressed my ear to it. I didn't much hear anything, for about twenty minutes. Fuck, if Vanessa opened it to go to the bathroom -- well, I was a dead man. That would have to be some clever explaining; I decided, kneeling at her door, face pressed against it, I'd just confess my sins. What I heard, what dirty thoughts I had in my head. I don't know, maybe my self-deprecative decision to confess was actually a plan to see her reaction, see if she was disgusted or turned on. And thinking I was thinking that made me more depressed about myself. 

 I only heard the clicking of a computer keyboard, time to time, in that twenty minutes. I got sore kneeling there, and scared at the risk of being discovered, so I went back to the basement with a semi-hard cock. I was very disappointed I didn't hear her masturbating, and mad at myself for being disappointed about that. 

 And that's when I got this fucking disgusting idea. Vanessa had been complaining for months that her closet door needed to be fixed; it wouldn't close correctly because it had shifted over the years on its hinges, so now the top corner of the door was a bit higher than the doorframe. She could force it shut, but that would wedge it into place and it took a grown man (namely, usually me) to pull it open again. So she'd stopped using it for her day-to-day clothing, instead using it just for long-term or out-of-season storage. If I could get myself into that closet before she came home, I might have a pretty good image of her bedroom -- the closet was in the middle of the wall across from her bed and computer desk. 

 Some of you reading this will be saying, Billy, you're a prick for thinking that. Others of you, the freaks, will be saying, good fucking idea you asshole. But I'm a freak and an asshole, so the next available day when I didn't have to be in the office, I stayed at home and basically ignored real work to work on my plan. 

 I fixed her door, first of all. I got it to jam into place, but with very little effort. That way I could go in and out at my leisure, and if she wasn't in the room, she'd have no idea. Then, I arranged the big plastic containers and hanging clothing inside so create a little seat for myself in the middle. I could hide the seat by pushing the hanging clothing over the containers; then make the seat by jamming the clothing to the sides. And, here is what a real jerk I am. I put a couple of tools in the closet, so just in case she came into her room while I was leaving it, I could claim I was trying to fix it. (If she caught me IN the closet, well, I'd need a worm hole and a time machine to get out of that predicament, although I hear, worm holes ARE time machines, I guess.) 

 The rest of the day I was nervous as fuck, pissed that I was going to do this. I rearranged calls with people at the office and laid excuses that I wouldn't be available later in the date. About the time Vanessa should be getting home, I was light-headed and even sick to my stomach. But my cock ached, and like I said, it was running the show. I snuck into her room, sat carefully on the storage bin I'd arranged, and shut the door. Peering through the horizontal slits of the door, depending which one I selected, I could spy the surface of her bed pretty well; and another slit a little higher let me see her computer screen. 

 Daddy's a pervert and a loser, I thought to myself, but I wasn't going to stop now. 

 Boy, what a bad plan this was. It felt like an hour passed before Vanessa even got home; and when I heard her come into the house, it was like another hour, it seemed, before she came to her room. Next time, I told myself -- if there is a next time, which I told myself there wouldn't be -- I would bring a clock. 

 Watching, er, spying on Vanessa in her private bedroom turned my sick stomach into full-blown nausea. I saw her move around her bed, getting something from her desk, a book or something, then a pen. Ok, horny man, I thought, this isn't very sexy. And, of course, she left the room then. Didn't I feel stupid? 

 But I didn't move. How could I? Maybe as punishment to myself for acting like such a prick, I scolded myself saying, I'm staying right here in this closet until I hear my wife get home, then I'll sneak out and get my car. My back and knees were aching, and holding still for that long seemed impossible, but the pain was my way of getting back at myself for doing this in the first place. 

 I wasn't even concentrating on the room, I was trying not to pass out and softly rocking without making noises to keep my knee from stiffening too badly. This was something of a torture test, and I whispered out loud, is anything worth this? 

 It couldn't have been five, ten minutes later before Vanessa came back into the room, and answered the question affirmatively. She shut and locked her door. My heart jumped, I leaned forward and glued my face to the closet door, eyeing out of the slits. Vanessa wasn't moving quickly, but it was like she had a mission. I saw her back, then saw her lifting her sweatshirt over her head. Ooh, daddy's dick got hard. I looked lower, and saw her unfasten her bra from the back. Jesus, there was my daughter's naked back. Turn around, baby, I thought. But instead, she unsnapped her jeans, and pushed them off. She had on a black thong. I'd never seen her in a thong; it was divine. Her ass was fucking perfect. Meaty, soft, fleshy, not oversized, would nicely fill two male hands. Perfect over her fleshy thighs. 

 She half-turned now, and her perky little titties appeared. Daddy was in love! Her nipples were small and pink, but rockhard, knobby points on the fronts of her soft small sacks. A-cups, I would say. But soft and young. 

 Daddy stared at her nude breasts for a second, then saw her reach down to push off her thong. I wasn't breathing now. I looked through a lower slit, and saw her step out of her thong. I looked higher again. And I saw her perfect, naked ass. Vanessa was naked for me. Well, okay, not for me. But she was naked. 

 Vanessa slid onto her bed, propping up a pillow against the headboard. She crawled over to the nightstand and bent over, giving me my first look at her pussy from the backside. It was slightly hairy; she hadn't shaved, it seems, since that phone call three or four weeks ago. But it was an 18 year old pink vagina, and it was moist. It looked delicious. 

 From the nightstand, Vanessa pulled out a thin stack of papers, like something she'd stapled after printing a bunch of things. Maybe emails, something like that. My naked daughter slipped onto her back and butt against the propped-up pillows, holding the papers in one hand, and her other hand slid between her nude thighs. Inside my pants, my penis was on fire, aching to pop free. I watched in lust as my brunette daughter slowly fingered her clitoris and read several pages of this stack. I couldn't see her pussy directly, just her spread thigh and her hand digging into her crotch. But I focused on her perky little breasts as she breathed heavy, and watched her face as she read whatever work of porn was written on those pages. 

 Vanessa's fingerfucking was incredible, it took a while for her to get very wet, but eventually she tossed the papers down, slid flatter on her back (apparently, she masturbates like her father), and pulled her knees up to open her legs more. That hand over her cunt pumped hard and she moaned louder, wiggling her hips furiously. Her eyes were open as she stared at the ceiling, fantasizing about something good as she stuffed fingers into her cunt. Daddy was so turned on watching it; I could hear her wet pussylips, the sucking, sticky noises of her fingers working in and out of that wet pussy. I couldn't help but rub my cock through my pants, and seeing and hearing and even smelling Vanessa fucking herself was the best sexual event of my life. I came in my underwear, if you can believe it. Then Vanessa came too, on her bed. 

 She is multi-orgasmic, I found out. Vanessa had a loud orgasm but kept fingering her cunt about another good 15 or 20 minutes, and had at least a couple more orgasms. And, she's slutty too; she pulled her fingers out a few times to suck them clean of juices. Daddy loved that, and was jealous -- I wanted a taste too. 

 When the show was over, Vanessa dozed off to sleep, nude, on her bed. I came a second time in my pants myself, then had to be content to stare at her nude ass and tits for about 30 or 45 minutes until she woke up. When she climbed out of her bed, I got another look at her cunt. Beautiful. An eighteen year old pink pussy, with short dark hairs growing around it. 

 Eventually, Vanessa left her room for the bathroom. I sprang into action, and jumped out of her closet then down the steps. A minute later, I was panting out of breath sitting in my car two blocks down the street. My guilt was pushed to the side, as I rubbed my still-hard cock in my messy-wet underwear, thinking to myself, that was sooo bad, but sooo worth it. 

 Later that night, with my erection subsided, I thought clear-headed. I hated myself and told myself never to do that again. I emailed colleagues and made in-office appointments every day in the afternoon that week, and for the next week. I also avoided Vanessa, although of course she didn't do anything wrong whatsoever. But you know how things go. I couldn't get the image out of my head, and I masturbated about a half-dozen times a day picturing what I saw. I started to fantasize about Vanessa getting fucked, wondering what she was imagining when she was fucking herself. What turned my daughter on? What horny ideas was she picturing as she brought herself to those hot climaxes? 

 And, I didn't forget about those papers she had stashed away. I was home alone a few mornings later, I was going into office later and later to avoid traffic. I had twenty minutes to kill, and Vanessa was at school while my bitch wife was at work already. You know, I had no business going into her room over to that nightstand. No business at all. But I still did it. Opened it right up, looked for those papers. Whew, they weren't there, she'd moved them or disgarded them. 

 That should have been the end of it, right? Not for Vanessa's perverted, asshole father. I started going through her other drawers. I have never been a guy to stare at a thong and get hot, but seeing those thongs in her dresser made me remember her stripping one off, and THAT got me hot. There wasn't anything overtly sexual in the other drawers, until the bottom one. It was packed with jeans and capri pants -- overpacked was the right word. Those jeans were shoved in there tight. But still, I pulled the drawer out and poked around, and sure enough I found the folded-in-half stack of printer papers buried at the bottom. 

 My heart thumping and my cock suddenly engorged, I didn't look at the papers as I ran into my bedroom. I pulled my pants down and jumped onto my bed, much as I had watched Vanessa do, and I read what had gotten her so hot. Talk about guilt? Make it tenfold. 

 These were email printouts indeed. She had a private Yahoo! account ("mysteryslut18" -- go ahead, look at it on the Internet, you'll find it, you can even fucking email her at mysteryslut18@yahoo.com), and these were emails she was exchanging. There were about ten or more of them, and my first time through, I read them all rapid-fire back and forth. Most were from males, trading sex stories of how they'd fuck each other. I took it as stuff people who meet in a chatroom or through myspace or something might do email cybersex. Nothing was incredibly personal or accurate to lead me to believe she'd actually met any of the guys. But there was an email from one girl, actually a string of them. The girl's name was "Foxannah" (oh, that's SO real), and she and Vanessa were exchanging emails about the taste of pussy. Foxannah wrote this long, descriptive passage of how she'd spread Vanessa out and lick and eat her cunt with Vanessa grabbing the girl's hair to pull her mouth deeper into her pussy, and Vanessa would cum so hard in the girl's mouth that she'd almost pass out. Fuck, I had my orgasm jerking off reading that. 

 The emails about guys sticking their hard cocks into her mouth, pussy and ass were really intense, because the knowledge that boys or men out in the world wanted to fuck my daughter (even if they never met her) was insanely sexy to me. 

 One guy wrote something that caught my eye. He had seen pictures of her, I guess, not naked ones, but something to generally know what she looked like, and he complemented that she was "fuckably cute." Hmm, I might have to agree with him about my daughter.  

 

 

===

But more intense than the emails to Vanessa, I was really on edge reading her emails. I figured she might describe any actual sexual experiences of hers; but after reading through what she'd written, I couldn't tell if she was still a virgin or not. It was wickedly erotic to read my daughter's sexual thoughts, although they were not well formulated or very advanced. Big cocks turn her on; guys with muscles and long hair make her wet; she loves fingerfucking herself and would do it all day if she had the chance. The emails strands I saw didn't have any long stories by Vanessa herself, but she would write guys to tell them she dreams of fucking their big dicks and "loves" to get stretched open and pounded hard. I took that to mean, she would want it; she might have been trying to hide being a virgin. Her descriptions of sex were so generic that it didn't sound like she was speaking from actual experiences. Still, knowing my horny daughter had these thoughts in her head? It was magical. 

 Okay, now after hearing all of this, you get the state of my mind at the time. I'd spied on her fucking herself, I'd read her private, hidden emails, and all I could think about was -- fuck, this is fun! 

 (Oh, I was 45 minutes late getting to work that morning. And, yes, I put the email printouts back in her drawer.) 

 Daddy's obsession with his daughter's relatively limited sex life grew in bounds day to day. I began rearranging my work schedule to free up at least two full days a week, so I could work from home. I also started working feverishly hard when I was in the office, so those days at home I would almost literally take off three hours a day. From the day I read her emails through the following weekend, until Wednesday of the following week, I hardly looked Vanessa in the eye but I spent every moment picturing her nude body, and fingers or cocks or girl's tongues up her cunt. My state of horniness was constant, and I even tried to fuck my bitch wife once -- now THAT is a rare event. She, of course, wanted nothing to do with me, so it was an abortive event. 

 That Wednesday, like a week later, was my first day to telecommute. Lied to Vanessa that morning -- "Oh I'm very busy at work, I have to be downtown all day, in nonstop meetings." (That translates to: Don't bother calling me at the office, I won't be able to take your call.) That morning, instead of working, I found and re-read her emails, this time deliberately, word for word. She'd been having online cybersex with some of the guys and phone sex with two of them - - the guys commented somewhere in the email straings how "hot" it was "the other day on the phone" or "your voice had me so hot," thinks like that. It turned me on even more, thinking one of these two guys was the one listening to her that evening a few weeks ago when I overheard her. Anyway, I read through the emails to her and jerked off a couple of times, the sex stories were so-so hot but knowing they were all about Vanessa got me extra-hard. Basically, some males really wanted to fuck my daughter. 

 I clock-watched until the minute I knew her school ended. I secluded myself in her closet again, this time with my cellphone (turning off the ringer of course) so that I could tell the time, and hunkered down. Having abused myself this way once already, I brought a radio and earpiece too, for some entertainment. Boy, radio is slow and boring these days. But it seemed to help pass the time; Vanessa sounded like she got home fairly quickly. 

 That afternoon, it was like a two-hour sex show, only the most painfully slow- paced one you could imagine. My daughter sat in her blouse and low-rise jeans at her computer, and with the glare of the late-afternoon sun through her window off of the monitor I couldn't see a damn thing she was doing. Her hand spent most of the time on her mouse, and she didn't type a lot except in brief bursts, so I thought she was surfing the web and maybe sending emails or AIM messages or something time to time. It wasn't exactly sexual, but I had this feeling, given the grin on her face, that it was something hot for her. 

 The typing picked up, she was exchanging IMs with something I thought. Her computer was "pinging" constantly. She wasn't touching herself, but she was sitting Indian-style on her chair, her thighs spread open in her tight jeans. I wondered if that cunt inside was wet, I sure wanted to find out. Touch it, I thought to myself, rub it, strip nude, come on Vanessa, get it on, I know you're trying to get off. 

 Daddy's patience was rewarded when Vanessa took her hands off of the keyboard and mouse, and started to unbutton her blouse still sitting at the computer. Pulling it back to reveal her white bra, she removed that too, and started to cup and fondle her breasts and hard nipples. Daddy's eyes were in heaven, watching those soft little boobs in her hands. Vanessa tweaked her perky nipples, reading something on the computer screen, then she reached forward and typed a few more words. She began looking around the room, at her bed, then back to the computer, typing more. She was definitely up to something, and my dick was rock-hard as I anxiously waited to see what would happen. 

 Vanessa ended her computer conversation a few moments later, clicking a few things with the mouse, then she stood up. Her soft breasts pointed at me, and I oogled them from inside the closet with unnatural lust for my own daughter's tits. She walked over to her bed, unzipping her jeans, and to my delight she peeled them and her thong off simultaneously. Nude, she crawled on top of her bed, lying head on a pillow, and she rolled away from me to expose her fabulous young, soft butt. I stared at it until I jumped at the sound of the phone ringing beside her bed and in the house, almost making a noise myself. 

 Now I began unzipping my pants, as I watched Vanessa grab the phone, holding it to her pretty face while lying back flat on the bed. She was going to get phonefucked, and Daddy was going to be able to watch! 

 It was a cock-stroking, thirty-minute dream. Vanessa talked nasty into the phone, using a sharp tone and evil eyes as she begged to be treated like a slut, forced to suck a huge cock deep, squirted all over with cum like a nasty whore. She mostly just rubbed her clit and fingered herself while talking to some guy, but she also licked her fingers noisily (so he could hear that) and spent time squeezing and fondling her breasts. The guy did most of the talking, leaving Vanessa to listen and spread wide, furiously pumping one or two fingers in her vagina. Each time she came, and it was several times, she'd start squeeling, "Oh yes! oh yes!" and then she'd tense and cum, moaning, then she'd blurt out, "I'm cumming! I'm cumming!" 

 Her position on the bed shifted late in the call, and I got to directly see her fingers in her cunt. I almost passed out, the sight of her somewhat hairy teenage pussy stretched by her two fingers, I had to stop myself from wanting to jump out of the closet and bury my tongue into that. Vanessa dug her fingers until just her knuckles were visible, and she liked grinding her fingers around when they were all the way inside. Her thumb played with her clitty while she fingered her hole. The juices eventually coated her thighs and ass, making her reddened pussylips glisten marvelously. 

 My hand fucking hurt, actually, by the end of the call. Gripping my cock and stroking it while it was leaking precum profusely had me on the edge of orgasm about 100 times; I didn't want to cum, afraid either the smell or an inadvertent noise would reach her. But I was panting hard, staring at my daughter fingerfucking herself while talking to the guy about sex. They barely talked about anything else, it was just sex, sex, sex. I figured she had phone fucked this guy before, because they didn't exchange any pleasantries or even names, and she never described herself to him. Literally, she was talking about fucking from the moment she picked up the phone to the time she ended it. 

 Finally she put the phone down, rubbing her wet vaginal lips a few times, lounging on her bed. Her tits and pussy looked so scrumptuous, and all I could think about was, my 18 year old daughter needed a REAL cock to fuck -- mine or anyone's. She was so ready for sex; it turned her on, it didn't scare her, she talked nasty and knew what she was doing. I had the penis in my very hand that could help her out, it was such a shame. But totally erotic. 

 My Vanessa, what a horny young woman. Think she was done? Not even. Nude, dripping with juices, she went back to her computer, sat down, and began clicking and typing away. Insanely proud of her libido, I hoped she was looking for another phone sex partner. I was right. About ten or fifteen minutes later of chatting online, she went back to her bed, pulled the phone onto the bed, laid back and waited for it to ring. I was so close to cumming right when the phone rang. Vanessa answered it, but this time I could see her blushing. Seriously. 

 "Hello?" She sounded careful, almost scared. But soon she was smiling, and this time, I could tell it was a first call with someone. "Yeah, I'm really Vanessa," she said, making me smile at how real she was about all of this, "I'm really 18, and yes, I'm really nude and want a big fucking cock in me." She began describing her body, possibly enhancing her figure slightly by describing her "D-cup" breasts and "really long slender" legs. Then she started to purr, quite literally, hearing the guy answer her questions like, "Tell me about your cock . . . are you stroking it . . . does it like tight young pussies . . . have you fucked an 18 year old before?" It almost sounded like an interview. Her hand began working on her clitoris again, rubbing it back and forth with stiffened fingers. I couldn't see that, just hear the sloppy noises she made, as I watched her wrist move back and forth over her pelvis. 

 Pretty soon the two were phone fucking, with her telling him how she'd want him to fuck her, and then she'd listen and fingerfuck herself while the guy ostensibly provided more details. "Oh shit I'm cumming!" she blurted out at one point, frigging her clit furiously while her whole body tensed, then she screamed and let it loose, and her body shook and I could smell the additional fluids coming out of her body. "Uhhh! Ugh fuck that's so good!" She kept working her clit hard, drawing out an even longer orgasm. 

 This call was only 15 to 20 minutes, and I think the guy hung up on her after he came. She just stopped talking, dropped the phone onto its base with a scowl, and lay back on her backside again. Her fingers were working slowly now, as her eyes looked at the ceiling. What was she thinking about? What perverted thoughts did my hot, sexy daughter have in her young brain? As she masturbated herself in front of my eyes, she rolled onto her side and hip, away from me, raising her upper knee slightly. Mmm, that stiff middle finger poked into her squishy-wet vagina. I could see and smell and hear it, and Daddy's cock was dying to burst. That ass and those thighs with that wet finger-filled cunt looked perfect to me. 

 Vanessa slowly penetrated her twat with one finger that way, until a little later rolling onto her knees now. With her face buried in her pillow, her fine round ass stuck up in the air, she reached under herself and began frigging hard, using what looked like two fingers to fuck herself. "Uhhh . . . uhhh . . . uhhh." Her noises were steady in pace but rising in energy. She was getting close to cumming, pounding away at that twat between her smooth wet thighs. 

 I was jerking my daddy-cock the entire time watching her two phonecalls and her solo finger-fuck. I tried not to cum, but had a couple of those mini-cums guys have -- the sperm comes out, a little, but you stay totally hard. No, girls, it's not a dream; my balls really fucking hurt from those. Really, really hurt. But through my daughter masturbating over an hour, having who knows how many cums, I didn't have a real good, hard blast yet myself. Not until she was moaning and screaming with her face in the pillow and her butt up high, cumming herself, then I raced to put my hand over my cock and catch this massive orgasm I had. Man, I flooded myself, and my balls hurt TWICE as much I think. But I needed it so bad. I rubbed off the cum on my underwear, although I thought about rubbing it on some of her clothing in her closet. (I'm not that much of a prick, really.) 

 Then daddy got to watch my daughter nap nude a little while on her bed, until she rose and went back to the computer. The slut is really horny, I realized, her libido clearly comes from her father and not her bitch mother. Sitting nude on her ankles, cross-legged, in front of her computer, she arched her back and stuck those sexy little teeny titties forward while smiling softly at the monitor and going back online. She didn't do a lot of typing, mostly just moving around the mouse and clicking. The sun was going down a bit and I could barely make out the computer screen; maybe she was looking at online porn, possibly, it looked more graphical than anything. Indeed, her computer started to play a video and I could hear the noises -- which she turned down, but not muted -- sounds of fucking, a girl moaning, then screaming. Definitely she was looking at porn. 

 I'm thinking, with my cock hardening again, this girl definitely needs to be fucked. She's 18 and masturbates multiple times nonstop. Vanessa might be my daughter, but her daddy knows what she needs, and it's cock. Prick. Bone. Stuffed up that tight 18 year old pussy. 

 And I sooo wanted to be the one to do it. Although, who knows if she's had a dozen guys do it already. 

 Vanessa rubbed her vagina a few times watching the porn movies, but nothing seemed to catch her interest. She went back into the chat room, I could tell, she began typing in spurts. She was moving the mouse a lot too, I think she had multiple messages going at once. Her eyes stared at the monitor, and she had a pretty intense look. I began hoping she'd do phonesex again, because that was really sexy to see. And, indeed, I got my wish. What a slut my daughter is! She had been back in the chatrooms maybe only 10 minutes, before she was going back to her bed, lying down, looking at the phone. 

 Ring. Answer, "Hello?" Giggle, talk sweetly. She has a nice phone demeanor. And it was a new guy too. She said her name, described herself (this time accurately), asked him about his body and dick. She started asking about his wife now too, and that got me hot. The married guy was cheating with her, at least by phone, and it seemed to turn Vanessa on. "Yeah, does she give you good head?" my teenage daughter asked the prick, "does she suck you down her throat?" Vanessa's eyes glowed. She continued to interrogate the guy while she had one hand softly rubbing her wet pussy. Soon, though, the conversation turned more heated, and she rolled onto her back and her fingers rubbed with more fervor at her pussylips. A finger went into her cunt soon enough, and she began describing in vivid detail what she was doing. "Mmm, I'm so horny, I have one finger in me and it's so wet but so tight, my pussy is burning, it needs your cock," she moaned, making her father so hard hearing it, "if you were here, I'd be so tight for your hot dick." 

 Seeing and hearing that my daughter wanted to get fucked was driving her old man insane; in some ways, I almost wished I hadn't been here. It was something I would love to do, fuck my daughter and give her the meat her pussy needs, but there was no way it would happen and I felt that loss painfully. 

 Vanessa had a few more cums on the phone with her new guy, then in the pillow- talk that followed she found out he was boning some other woman. Vanessa was asking a lot of questions about that, not only how the sex was but how he got away with it. 

 Her next words rang in my ears. 

 "Oh fuck, they have no fucking clue," she laughed, having no idea half of the "they" was listening in the closet. "Yeah, they're, like, typical. My mom probably thinks I'm a virgin, I have no idea what my dad thinks. But -- yeah, they wouldn't know any of them. Well, one guy they would. No, just a few, but you know, you gotta play around, see what ya like!" Her giggly, playful face showed her price at being something of a slut, and behind her parent's back. Wow, it was really hot to hear her admit to fucking around. And it didn't seem phony or made-up for the benefit of the prick on the phone; she seemed to be honest about it. I was so hard again, holding my throbbing penis, listening to Vanessa speak of fucking other guys. 

 The conversation kept going, and Vanessa rolled onto her tummy while talking. I found myself staring at that hot ass on her bed, as she and the guy kept talking (not sexually) for the better part of an hour. I was indeed impressed, and she seemed to like him. Then I heard her sort of wrapping it up -- you know how a girl talks in short answers, her voice turning up? -- and she was saying, ok let's talk about, ok soon, maybe tomorrow. But I guess, someone was horny, and her finger went into her pussy from underneath herself, and the guy must have said something, and Vanessa let out this moan. "Ohhhhhhhh yeah." It was a purr, it put shivers in her father's spine. "Mmmm fuck yeah I'm still wet." 

 More phonesex ensued, the guy did most of the talking. Vanessa was on her tummy humping her finger, before rolling onto her back again and driving two stiff digits into that wet hole. A major climax capped off the call. 

 She was in the bathroom not even five minutes later, allowing her father to escape my little prison and retreat to the basement. My head was spinning, but not as bad as my old balls ached. 

 I swear, seeing her spend that afternoon fuck THREE men on the phone, look at porn, and masturbate, I was ready to proclaim my undying love for her and divorce her fucking worthless mother. 

 The next couple of weeks, I was just a man in love. I doted on her, going out of my way for her every day and all weekend. I think she thought it was "cute," and we had a lot of quality time together. I tried not to stare at her body or touch her, you know, and it was just solid daddy/daughter togetherness around the house. She never asked why I was being so adoring, and I certainly never told her. 

 But, when I was alone, my thoughts were always of her and that incredible afternoon. She is so fucking hot and horny, and that wet pussy just had to get filled with semen. I wondered, day to day, if she was getting any, but I never got a clue. She was busy at school and on the two intervening weekends had a couple of parties but no dates. I don't know, maybe a party is a date these days. Still, if Vanessa was getting cock, I wasn't finding out about it. So alone with my imagination, I just masturbated constantly dreaming of her hot nude body being filled with the male organs she desired. I could hear her voice in my ear screaming as she came, ripped open by some hot stud ramming his meat into her young body. 

 It was definitely an obsession. I was always planning when my next session in her closet would be, but trying to hide from family and office for three- or four-hour blocks is not easy to do. Someone is always looking for you! Plus, the one day of the first of those two weeks I thought I could do it, she actually wasn't going to be home in the afternoon. Instead, I wound up at the office while she was at home, undoubtedly nude and finger-fucking herself to death while giving out her private phone line number to any big cock she met on the Internet. 

 Daddy's obsession made me do one, stupid thing, although risk-free to myself. I should have thought about it, you know, but I was horny for her, that's all I can say. Knowing she had a secret yahoo email address, I kept wondering if I could contact her, anonymously. For days and days I put the idea out of mind, but one day at the office, horny and dreaming of her, it just happened. I made up this phony hotmail email account, some generic name. Then, I sent her one email, something I'd been rolling around in my head for a week. "You are a goddess and if I don't get to fuck you in real life, then I think I'm going to have to die an unhappy man!" Without thinking, I just hit "send." It felt good, to reach out to her, but of course, she'd have no clue who sent it.  

 

 

===

She's probably assume it was one of her online friends, I figured. Actually, it kind of freaked her out. That night, she was a little edgy and was asking her mom about "stalking," which at first I thought was random and odd, but later in the evening I put two and two together. Oh fuck! I scared her. Now, that hurt. Daddy was such a horny pervert and asshole, I did something because it made my cock hard, and Vanessa was now worried some guy was going to find her and get what he wanted. Ouch. I mean . . . wham, ouch, thud. 

 By the time I convinced myself -- a couple days later -- that I probably needed to confess my soul to her, she didn't seem perturbed at all and I let it pass. But the anger I had at myself made me promise never to do the closet-thing again. Oh, I thought about a hidden videocamera, or a second phone on her private phone line so I could listen in, but those ideas seemed criminal to me. Daddy hiding in the closet? Well, it's my house, right? (Okay, it's the bank's; but you know what I mean.) 

 All those days on end dreaming about Vanessa getting fucked . . . about her fucking herself . . . about me fucking her . . . and spending time around her being all nice-nice and acting like I'm just a perfectly normal Daddy. It was making me stircrazy, and I sort of knew what would happen. A confluence of events within a short time span set it up. Her bitch mom was going to a dinner for one of her office colleagues, it was a couple of counties over, so we wouldn't be seeing her until around 10 p.m. or later. Seizing an opportunity, when Vanessa said she didn't have any after-school plans really except maybe going to the mall with a friend, I said I'd probably be at the office past dinner myself. 

 I spend the morning in my office then excused myself to get home in time for Vanessa to get home from school. I even quickly showered, so I wouldn't smell too bad, and thus could hide my presence in the closet. By the time I stepped into her closet, my dick was already hard inside my thin pair of shorts. I even had a pillow, to lay upright against her clothing so I could relax until she got home. 

 The darkness and quiet of her bedroom knocked me out; I was dozing off. But I awoke the noise of SEVERAL voices entering her room. 

 Stunningly, I saw my daughter in a sweater-vest, blouse and low-rise jeans leading into her room -- in gross violation of her mom's rules -- two people, and I can't stay more which one floored me. First, of course, I saw the stunning teenage blonde. Taller than Vanessa, long golden curly hair, really skinny but with a chest that Vanessa's Daddy wanted to suck and titfuck the moment I saw the girl's tshirt. The blonde also had low-rise jeans on, like Vanessa, shower her red thong ("whale-tail" they call it, right) above the back of the jeans. Then there was the guy. No, I should say, the MAN. Had to be six foot, in his late 30s at least or even 40s. His skin was a light bronze, he wasn't a black guy, maybe Latino, maybe part Asian, maybe Mediterranean. Dark short hair, graying at the temples. Wearing a dress shirt and slacks, he was nicely dressed. And he towered over these girls; definitely 6-2 or something, maybe 220 pounds or so, more fit than flabby but not exactly an athlete. The first thing I noticed about him, well besides that he was a "him" and besides that he was not white, was that his face was smiling ear to ear. A very friendly, chummy, grinning face you might have, when you're in the bedroom of an 18 year old brunette with another blonde around that age. And, purportedly, no parents home. 

 I wasn't sure what to do, frankly. I had a fleeting thought, I shouldn't be here, I should open the door and just leave. Obviously, I didn't do that. I did stop breathing, basically, and press my to the slits in the closet to peer into Vanessa's bedroom. If it had been just the blonde, I would have guessed Vanessa wasn't here to fuck. But seeing the smiling presence of the tall ethnic guy, my cock was sure I'd be seeing naked bodies soon. My erection pounded in my shorts, and I quietly began pushing them down my thighs to let out my aching 5.5 inch pole. 

 Vanessa was giggly, sitting on her bed at the edge, feet on the floor, removing her sweater-vest and folding it nicely before tossing it into a corner of the room. The blonde went to Vanessa's shelf and peered at some photos and pictures arranged there. My eyes focused on the blonde's breasts, stretching out her tight tshirt. Had to be c-cups, at least, I thought to myself. Tiny ass and waist too. Yummy. Meanwhile, the stud -- I mean, let's face it, that's what he was -- sort of nervously stood near the closed bedroom door, peering at the two girls back and forth, silently watching. 

 My daughter looked with a grin at the stud, and I could sense a moment where everyone was too nervous to do anything. The adult male didn't let that problem linger, as he moved towards the bed and leaned against it near my daughter. He caught the attention of the blonde and curled his finger at her, indicating for her to come over closer. "Come here, Foxanna," he grinned softly. 

 Well, well, Foxanna. So that was a real name. And -- oh, right, now I remember -- she says she likes to eat pussy! 

 Daddy's cock was getting REALLY hard. 

 The blonde giggled and in a demurre voice pretended to look innocent. "Oh, why?" But she stepped over anyway, and the stud moved back from the bed to make room for her next to my brunette daughter. The guy put the two girls on the bed hip to hip, both of them with their feet on the floor, and then he reached his long arm to the foxy blonde's head to push it towards Vanessa. "Why don't you two girls finally get to know each other while I watch," he said, not waiting at all obviously. 

 They were in Vanessa's room for a reason and both girls clearly understood that. I stared in incredulous disbelief and gross joy as I saw my precious 18 year old Vanessa lean forward, tilt her head, and press her lips against the mouth of the taller, skinny, long-curly-haired blonde chic. Both girls moaned as the male, still standing, watched in as much admiration as me. "That's right," the stud said. The girls first tepidly kissed, just lip to lip, but Foxanna reached to Vanessa's head to pull her into her mouth, and I saw jaws moving, two female tongues were sliding together, making out with a girl/girl french kiss. If it was Vanessa's first, I had no idea, but she sure didn't look surprised or hesitant. 

 "Mmm, that's nice," purred the tall adult stud, hardly moving as he leaned his hip against Vanessa's messy credenza and watched the two teenagers making out. The girls had soft moans, Vanessa's a little lower and the blonde's more of a squeal, as they turned to face each other, each sliding one leg onto the bed, their other legs parallel and towards the floor. Their kiss was becoming intense, it was not for the male's benefit but they were literally sucking each other's tongues for the fun of it. Vanessa put her hand on Foxanna's shoulder, and Foxanna began caressing Vanessa's upper arm before softly stroking my daughter's smallish breast through her blouse. 

 The male moved foward, an obvious bulge in his slacks. He leaned against the bed now, behind Foxanna, and reached down with both arms. The blonde and my daughter continued to make out while the male pawed at Foxanna's ample breasts through her shirt. Now, as a Daddy, I felt wronged that he'd of course first move to the busty blonde and not to my horny daughter, who I knew for a fact needed some male attention. However, instead of telling you how jealous I felt at the time, I do have to say I came to realize later that Foxanna and the guy (whose name I still don't know to this day) knew each other and had fucked before, and it was Vanessa who was being added to the party. So in hindsight, the guy just didn't want to make Foxanna jealous by spending too much of his attention right away on the new girl. The guy obviously knows women. 

 I found myself rooting for this stud to have the time of his life, so I could live it vicariously here in this cramped closet. I watched in anticipation as he slowly pulled up the blonde's t-shirt, first bunching it under her armpits to expose most of her white bra, then he yanked it up her arms as the two girls momentarily broke their kiss. But as soon as the shirt was off, the blonde thrust her tongue into Vanessa's mouth again and the two teenage girls were sucking face noisily. Vanessa had her fingers thru a loop in Foxanna's jeans, while Foxanna was reaching around Vanessa's back to hug her. The girl's lips were smashed together as their faces twisted side to side, sloppily exchanging breaths with their mouths sealed shut, and their tongues swarming over each other inside. 

 The male unfastened the blonde's bra, and soon I got to see Foxanna's glorious tits. Okay, I lust for my daughter, but people, THOSE were breasts. D-cups I bet. Decent, half-dollar sized brown nipples, and those nipples stuck out farther than Vanessa's. Standing behind the girl as she sat on the edge of the bed, the stud was pawing at those nude tits while the two girls were friendly. His big bronzed hands cupped and fondled them, sort of juggling them, feeling their weight, and pinching her rock-hard long nipples to draw moans from the slut. 

 "Oh fuck!" the blonde gurgled, breaking the kiss with my sexy daughter and looking up, almost upside-down, at the man above and behind her. Still having her tits pawed, she puckered up as he leaned down and now he took his turn sucking her tongue. Vanessa was into this big-time, she leaned down herself and, with the other girl's tits in the man's hands, Vanessa began licking the blonde's boobs back and forth, greedily sucking the nipples alone then letting go with a loud smacking noise, only to lick and suckle the other one the same way, back and forth. 

 The blonde and the stud broke the kiss, and Foxanna turned her attention back to my daughter, raising Vanessa's face from her tits so they could start kissing again. Seeing my hot daughter making out with another girl -- and a topless, D-cupped blonde at that -- was getting my dick very near its first orgasm. I took my hand of my cock, hoping I could placate it to wait, because this looked like it would be a long afternoon. Thank god! 

 The stud now moved to sit behind my daughter, and without her overt permission (because her tongue was stuck in Foxanna's mouth), he began groping Vanessa's little tits in her blouse. But he didn't get a chance to start stripping my offspring, if that was his intention, because Foxanna began to slide onto the bed, more into the middle, laying on her back and pulling Vanessa along with herself. Vanessa crawled over Foxanna, face to face, mouth to mouth, tongues wrapped together and the girls made out like whores. The stud sat now at the foot of the bed, smiling at the girl-kissing-girl show, contentedly admiring the loving. Daddy was doing the same. As a couple of minutes passed with just the sounds of two females kissing each other, Vanessa holding Foxanna's nude tits, the stud began unbuttoning his dress shirt. He had whispy dark chest hair, and a slightly rotund belly that looked more like thickness than outright fat. Lucky fucking prick, getting to do this with two high school girls way too hot for men of our age. 

 All of a sudden, Vanessa sat upright on the bed, sitting on her ankles, looking at the stud. The now-topless male and the topless blonde, sitting up herself, reached to my daughter's blouse and simultaneously began unbuttoning it while Vanessa stood still, grinning. "Mmm, she's nice," the stud whispered as they peeled off Vanessa's blouse to reveal her cream-colored bra, "didn't we find a hot one, Foxy?" 

 "Mmm oh yeah," the blonde purred back, leaning up to lick Vanessa's neck, making my daughter moan. "Mmm let's fuck her." 

 I was hoping they'd get to see Vanessa's sexy, proporionate a-cup titties, but they didn't move for her bra. Instead, the stud went to kiss my daughter, and Vanessa slowly lowered herself to her butt in the middle of the bed. Seeing your own daughter making out with a girl is hot; seeing her kissing a man, and an adult at that, shot an arrow through my heart. I felt fatherly -- awww, my baby found a man! -- but, under the circumstances, it was just hot as fuck. My cock ached to be grabbed, so it could cum. It was leaking precum at a painful rate. I saw the stranger in my house shoving his fat manly tongue into my daughter's young mouth, his hand cupping the back of her head as she lowered herself to the bed, flat on her back. 

 While my daughter kissed the male, the topless blonde was on her knees, her red thong stretched way above the top of her jeans above her little skinny ass. Foxanna was unzipping Vanessa's jeans, then when opened, the blonde tugged them off (with Vanessa's help) to strip my daughter down to her bra and panties. She had on matching cream bra and panties, and the satin panties were trimmed with lace. They weren't around for long. Foxanna wasted no time reaching up again, grabbing the panties, and yanking them down Vanessa's fleshy thighs and calves. Tossed aside, Foxanna had left Vanessa only in her bra. 

 The stud leaned up now, looking down at my lusty daughter who stared back up at him, then down at Foxanna. The stud was kneeling next to Vanessa, while he unfastened his pants. I was aching to see what kind of tool he had for her, she so needed a big dick. Foxanna spread Vanessa's slender legs and began kissing up from her ankle, higher and higher, while Vanessa's pink vagina was dripping wet. Shaved, bald pussy, I might add; fresh, too. Vanessa prepared herself for this afternoon. 

 My eyes watched in guilty fascination as Foxanna bent over, those big tits swaying, while she licked and kissed her way up Vanessa's legs and thighs toward my daughter's pink slit. By now the stud was pulling his slacks off of his feet, leaving him in underwear (briefs) and dark ankle-high socks. His back and butt were facing me, I couldn't see the size of his bulge. But Vanessa could, and her eyes were glued to it. But then the blonde's tongue hit Vanessa's clitoris, and my daughter's eyes rolled and her mouth opened. "Uhhhh!" My daughter's moan was delicious, my cock wanted to cum from that too. Another girl's tongue was now wrapping around Vanessa's wet clitty, tugging at it, while an adult male was pushing his underwear off of his legs near Vanessa's head. 

 Oh, my, there was that monster. Seven inches? At least. Not anything inhuman like 10 inches, but it was severely long, and fat. No, thick. It was wide as her fist, base to head, cut, with huge balls dangling. The guy shaved his crotch, so his entire shaft and scrotum were visible. It looked sexy, too; I instantly decided I had to do that. Not that I'd want to emphasize my 5.5 inches. The head of the prick was a little helmet, all swollen and pointing forward. Below, Vanessa was now looking at it lustfully. She'd seen cock, for sure; she wasn't scared, she was hungry. 

 I couldn't move a muscle, both hands glued to my knees as I leaned forward, watching. My back and legs ached from holding this position, but I wasn't going to go anywhere or risk making a noise, or worse, risk missing a moment of this three-way fucking. 

 Vanessa's knees parted wide like butterfly wings, and I could see the blonde's long hair and back of her head bobbing over Vanessa's crotch. Meanwhile, partially obscured time to time as the guy moved back and forth, he leaned way over -- pushing a hand against the wall for support -- and lowered his penis to my daughter's waiting mouth. With her eyes closed, she took the fat head of his dick into her lips and began to gladly, loudly suck on it. Vanessa was sucking cock while having a girl eat her pussy. 

 Now, the guilt. A huge wave of it. This has gone from spying on her masturbation, reading her emails too, to watching her at the very most private moment of her whole life, I bet. (Well, I wanted it to be, so let's go with that thought.) If you gave Vanessa a free pass to say, what's the ONE moment in her whole EXISTENCE that she'd want to hide from her father? This is it, right here. Daddy, not for you to know. No way. Ever. Fuck off. But . . . here I was, watching. 

 This is wrong, this is immoral. No, I didn't mean Vanessa sucking a guy's big penis while having girl/girl sex too. Okay, right, the priest would say that is immoral too. But, I'm not a priest, obviously, so let's move on shall we. No, daddy watching this. That's immoral. 

 On the other hand . . . there's a big-titted, topless blonde (her red thong raising above her low-rise jeans over her skinny ass) bent forward and drove her tongue into my daughter's bald hairless vagina; meanwhile, my daughter was sucking the mammoth, rock-hard cock of some adult ethnic stud, her eyelids half-closed as she moaned lost in delight. What, I was supposed to NOT watch? 

 So at that moment in time, I told myself, we'll deal with the guilt and emotions tomorrow, or tonight. Right now, we have to gather all of the facts. Plus, it's not like I can go anywhere. So, I better just hunker down and enjoy the show. I mean, as Bobby Knight once said, if you're going to get raped, you might as well lay back and enjoy it, right? (Now, I know he got a ton of shit for saying that; and most of you are probably asking, who the fuck is Bobby Knight? But, the point is well made, anyway.) 

 Foxanna's pussy-licking grew frenetic, her mouth was flying all over Vanessa's clitoris and slit, even down to her little puckered asshole, and Vanessa grabbed her own knees to spread ultra-wide for the bisexual bitch. The stud was forcing a few inches of meat into Vanessa's stretched-open jaw and mouth, really poking her cheek out of shape, boning her teenage mouth into nearly the back of it. I thought he was trying to throat-fuck her, which I would have loved to see, but it didn't happen; he just pumped like 4 inches of that tool, maybe half of it, into her mouth over and over, his meaty ass rising and falling above her body. 

 I was lost in lust, so happy for my daughter to be enjoying this. She let go of her knees and reached down, clutching Foxanna's head with both hands, pulling the girl's tongue into her cunt hard. Vanessa's body began to undulate violently and I could tell she was nearing a cum. The stud was happy to just pork Vanessa's mouth over and over, while watching the blonde eat Vanessa's pussy. Vanessa squealed, as best she could choking on a prick, and she came hard around the blonde's tongue. 

 Then, to my much-anticipated delight, I hit the jackpot. Foxanna leaned up and sat on her little butt, her face dripping with the juices from Vanessa's cunt, while the naked stud pulled his penis out of my daughter's gaping mouth. The blonde crawled around to lay on her side parallel to Vanessa, while the male moved between Vanessa's legs. Vanessa was going to get fucked! She was going to get cock! It's exactly what she needed, and what I wanted for her, and I adored that I would get to see this. I hated myself for it too, but that's for another day. Vanessa kept her fleshy, creamy legs parted, her hands on the stud's thick wide hips, guiding him into place. Foxanna watched intently. I saw the stud's almost fat, meaty ass, not very hairy, moving over Vanessa's pelvis, and her nude legs and feet rose up from either side of him. I couldn't see IT, but, for now, I didn't need to. 

 Vanessa screamed. The stud moaned. Foxanna's eyes grew. His ass rammed forward, my daughter's eyes closed, and she was getting fucked, that long cock was now entering her pussy. I was so fucking hot, I pumped my unfathomably painful erection, and it only took about four strokes to start cumming, and I mean, cumming HARD. I'd brought a towel for the occasion, and I quickly remembered to hold it in front of my penis just at the last possible moment, catching my shooting sperm.  

 

 

===

On the bed past the shielding closet door, the adult stud was humping my 18 year old daughter, pounding his thick body up and down over her, pushing her erection into her twat deeper and deeper. Her legs pulled up more, she was almost bent in half backwards, and his ass too raised up. Briefly he spread his thighs, and between them I could see her round pale ass, and his fat shaved balls banging it, driving his prick into her vaigna. Her hands were on his upper arms, holding him as he fucked her, driving harder and harder until I am sure his entire length was inside her. It was way more cock than Daddy could ever give her, that's for sure. 

 As Vanessa moaned and screamed from the thick deep fucking, Foxanna reached a hand between the two fuckers and must have been toying with my daughter's clitty. Vanessa screamed louder. The blonde had this serious look on her face, working her arm hard to rub and grind while Vanessa was getting screwed by the adult male. My daughter began having orgasms and rapidly too; those shrieks and high-pitched moans were familiar to me, but they came much louder, one after another. 

 The guy was liking my daughter's pussy. "Oh, I'm gonna fucking cum," he grunted, but it wasn't really a statement instead of more like a prediction. After a good ten minutes or so of pounding my princess on top of her, he pulled out and leaned up on his knees, his long thick penis drooling with juices. "Get on your knees baby." His hands reached down, moving her into a position I was dying to see. Her fabulous round ass and thick thighs, again not fat just fleshy, pointed at the male behind her. Looking back at him over her broad, bony shoulders, Vanessa's eyes begged him for more sex. He held her hips firmly, his bronzed hands against her pale-white skin, and rubbed his penis to her pussylips in preparation for entering her. 

 Foxanna watched while unfastening her jeans, then when the male began fucking my daughter doggy-style, Foxanna climbed off the bed and stood on the floor long enough to bend over (drooping those hot tits down) and push both her jeans and red thong off. Standing nude, I saw the shaved pussy of that blonde. Damned delicious; pale pink, puffy lips; so thin between her super-slender thighs and hips. She made to move onto the bed, as if to sit under Vanessa's face to get eaten, but the bed didn't have that much space, where Vanessa was kneeling. So, the stud pulled out of my daughter and crawled backwards, pulling Vanessa with him, and Foxanna then slid her nude body onto her back with her cunt right under my daughter's face. 

 The stud pushed his penis into Vanessa's pussy from behind, and now the three were effectively turned sideways to me, down the length of the bed, so I could see his penis moving in and out behind her hips and butt. I didn't see penetration, just his cock like a piston as her ass and thighs bumped up against his fat body. Vanessa's dark-brown long hair spilled around her face, hiding her tongue from me as she starting to lick the girl's pussy, but Foxanna was a joy to watch. The blonde's jaw was agape, her tongue poking in and out, while her eyes fluttered and she held her own fat tits. With Vanassa licking her pussy, Foxanna began undulating her hips in circles under Vanessa's face. Foxanna then opened her eyes to watch Vanessa's ass crash backwards into the stud, while Vanessa took the entire length of that massive dick into her teenage cunt. 

 The stud, to my satisfaction, was staring down at the same ass that I admired all the time. "Mmm, her pussy's so tight," he grunted approvingly, poking his bone in and out faster. "She's a good fuck." 

 The blonde nodded and whimpered. "Uh huh, she's hot," agreed the skinny tall slut, "mmm, eat me you bitch." 

 Calling my daughter a bitch? The bitch's Daddy found that . . . totally erotic. 

 Vanessa got fucked from the rear while eating the blonde's cunt, until the stud reached down to Vanessa's head and grabbed a thick handful of her long hair. With a yank, he jerked Vanessa's entire torso upward, pulling her mouth off the blonde. Vanessa yelped in pain, clenching her eyes shut, but she sat half- upright while taking cock even farther into her pussy. One hand holding her hair like a horse's reins and his other pushing her hips forward, the stud slammed his fat dick powerfully into my daughter with loud SMACK SMACK SMACK noises of his body against her thighs and ass time after time. 

 Foxanna watched the other two fucking doggy-style, then she got into the act. I swear, I could not have scripted this if someone has asked me. The nude blonde rolled onto her back and swung around, sliding 69-position under my daughter. Vanessa spread her fleshy thighs a bit, to accommodate the entry of the blonde's face under Vanessa's cunt. With the blonde now under my daughter, Foxanna had her face directly below Vanessa's pussy where the stud's dick was penetrating it over and over, and over and over, and over and over. Vanessa kept her head up -- as the stud kept pulling at her hair tangled in his fist - - while the blonde obviously was licking cock and balls and pussy and clit. 

 Vanessa fucking screamed, and it was a shrill, top-of-the-lungs scream, "AHHHHH!" as she must have had one intense orgasm. The stud was fucking her ravenously, pounding mercilessly, he let go of Vanessa's hair and grabbed her hips in both hands. Screaming himself, he pounded her small body with increasingly loud slaps until at last he groaned and uttered gibberish, and shoved his penis into my daughter. His body trembled and muscles spasmed, and he was unloading his baby-making sauce into my daughter's unprotected pussy. 

 With the male cumming inside Vanessa, the blonde kept licking away until he was spent, and he pulled back to sit on his ass, catching his breath, his semi- hard, red-hot cock completely saturated in slimy cum and pussy juices. Foxanne continued to lick Vanessa's twat, even sliding down more to get her mouth and tongue against the pussy from behind, and Foxanna pushed Vanessa's face into the blonde's shaved cunt. The two girls did a 69 in front of the just-cummed stud, while Daddy joyously stared from inside the closet. It was all incredibly, deliciously hot. Let me tell you, even from inside the closet, the room smelled fucking disgusting, it was a total turn-on. 

 The blonde must have been sucking cum out of Vanessa's pussy, she was really hungry for it. Her face smushed between Vanessa's thighs under her butt, driving tongue into my daughter's bald twat. Meanwhile Vanessa was daintily licking at the blonde's cunt, but I think she was too worn out from the fucking, she wasn't nearly as driven to tongue-fuck the blonde. So Vanessa sort of leaned up, then with the stud reaching out, Vanessa came to a full squat on top of the blonde's face. Behind her, the stud unfastened my daughter's bra and finally took it off, then reached around to cup her A-cup boobies. Vanessa looked back over her shoulder and offered her mouth, and I watched my daughter start to kiss the male again while Vanessa rode the blonde's tongue. I could clearly see Vanessa's reddened, soft pussylips directly against Foxanna's chin, and time to time I saw the tongue driving into my brunette daughter's pussy, while cum and juices drooled over Foxanna's cheeks and neck. 

 Breaking the kiss to allow Vanessa to just concentrate on riding the blonde's tongue, the stud leaned down and stuck his face over the blonde's spread-open pelvis. I couldn't see it directly, but he began lapping at the girl's cunt, just like the girl was licking my daughter's twat. Vanessa leaned upright squatting over Foxanna's mouth, holding her own little titties, pinching her smallish nipples, her mouth open as she gasped for air and gyrated her round butt and got her pussy licked. 

 The stud was getting hard again, pretty quickly, so he crawled off the bed - - that penis looked amazing, all hard, as he walked around -- and moved on top of the blonde now, ready to enter her just like he'd fucked Vanessa earlier. With Vanessa still sitting on the other girl's mouth to get her cunt filled with girl tongue, the stud rubbed his pecker a few times over the blonde's pink lips, then he inserted it in the skinny girl's slit to start fucking her. Foxanna's thin legs pulled up and open, and her back arched more, shoving those big hot tits into the air above my daughter's bed. 

 Leaning forward while fucking the blonde, the stud moved his mouth to my daughter's boobies, and she leaned into his face to allow him. I watched the adult male's fat pink tongue start lapping circles around her soft-pink hard little nipple, and Vanessa cooed in pleasure while grinding her pussy harder on Foxanna's mouth. Vanessa was in full charge, working herself into a frenzy, and she started cumming again, with her pussy and tits being entertained by tongues. Foxanna had one of her own hands over her pussy, fingering her clitty, while the ethnic stud's fat cock was working in and out of her twat. 

 My daughter laughed as her latest cum subsided. "Oh fuck oh fuck!" She was cackling at how sore her body was; she sort of fell off of Foxanna's face, crumpling onto her ass on her own pillows. She watched the stud fucking Foxanna, and Vanessa particularly stared at the fat cock inside the tight pussy and also at the D-cup tits on the blonde jiggling from the pounding her body was receiving. 

 Then, Vanessa seemed to have an idea, and this is where crippling fear overtook her father. Naked Vanessa climbed off the bed at the far side from me, near her night stand, and she leaned over to grab the phone. The phone! While the stud fucked the blonde, Vanessa picked up the phone, dialed, and while it was ringing did a "Shhhh!" noise with finger over mouth. The male and other female grinned but quieted down, still fucking just slowly, as Vanessa's call begin. 

 Her words into the phone were, like, death over me. 

 "Hi, is my father there? It's Vanessa." 

 HOLY FUCKING SHIT SHE IS CALLING MY HOLY FUCKING OFFICE. 

 Her face scowled at the answer she received. "No? But he said he had a meeting today? Oh . . . oh, he doesn't huh? Welll . . . where? Oh." 

 See, my lie at the office was, I had some "errands" to run. The holidays were coming up, so it was conceivable I was shopping, you know. But whatever Vanessa thought it meant, it had an implication. 

 "Ah, well, no, no message . . . I can try his cellphone . . . ok, thank you!" 

 And now, more fear. HOLY FUCKING SHIT I LEFT MY CELLPHONE IN THE KITCHEN, AND I FORGOT TO TURN OFF THE RINGER. 

 So, if she calls my cellphone, it will ring in the house. And she'd know . . . . 

 Talk about deflating a hard cock. You should have seen it. 

 But, even as my heart shriveled like a dickie coming out of the pool, Vanessa just put the phone down and shrugged. "Problem?" the guy quipped, his dick still inside Foxanna's cunt. Vanessa looked at him and shrugged, "I don't know when he'll be home, could be anytime I guess." 

 "Fuck," Foxanna moaned from underneath the adult male, "you said --" 

 Vanessa nodded. "Yeah, well, I guess not." But, horny and nude with these other two, she was undeterred. "I'll just have to keep an ear out." She walked her hot naked body around the bed -- directly in front of the closet door, thank you -- and opened her bedroom door, I guess to hear sounds better. Then, she crawled back onto the bed, sitting on her butt with her legs together to one side, near Foxanna's head, watching the guy hump the girl. 

 Foxanna looked back at my daughter. "Wanna fuck him again? I can get this cock alot any other time." How thoughtful of her to share, I thought to myself. 

 Vanessa smiled. "Mmm, you sure? Fuck yeah." 

 The stud shoved his cock deep into Foxanna, drawing a yelp from the blonde, and he left it there while turning to smile at Vanessa. How you want me, baby?" 

 My daughter pointed at the bed. "Mmm, get on your back sweetstuff, I'm gonna ride that hot cock." 

 Sweetstuff! That's what she calls her Daddy! It has been a term of endearment since she was a little girl; I mean, she can't now use that on a guy fucking her brains out. Can she? 

 He did as told, withdrawing from the blonde's hot pussy to sit on his butt, arms behind him propping his meaty torso up, his long penis pointing at the ceiling. I watched my daughter's hot ass crawl over him, squatting, and Foxanna reached out to hold his penis upright until Vanessa got her pink slit right over the head. Vanessa squatted down, and she whined, as that cock began stretched her teenage pussy again. He huffed and thrust his ass up, shoving dick into her, while she lowered herself on it. 

 I got a perfect view of my daughter riding that penis. He lay flat on his back now, feet facing me, and her back and ass pumped back and forth. I watched her round ass ripple as she slammed backwards, and I saw his fat dick drive into her vagina while his balls bounced underneath.She had her hands on his shoulders and chest, propping herself up as she rode him, pounding her butt down to drive that long fat erection deep up inside her wet tight pussy. Her juices dripped and bubbled on his shaft, coating his balls, thighs and asscheeks in her slimy clear liquid. 

 Foxanna watched the fucking, reaching into her crotch to rub her pussy a few moments. She was still horny and needed sex, so she climbed to her knees and crawled over the stud's face. Those twin tits on the blonde were amazing; over her little ribcage they stuck out like balloons. They looked real; they didn't have the fake roundness of actual balloons. I watched those breasts with the ultra-long pointy tits as she lowered her bald cunt onto the stud's mouth, getting some tongue in herself while Vanessa was getting cock in front of her. With those breasts directly in front of her, Vanessa wasted no time leaning forward, licking and sucking the blonde's big tits again while humping the stud. Daddy was lost in lust, my eyes moving from Vanessa's perfect round butt with the fat cock in her cunt, up to Vanessa's pretty face licking the big tits of the sexy blonde. 

 The stud reached out to rub Vanessa's clit, and that was obviously her magic button. Within a minute, Vanessa was leaning upright now, back arched, Foxanna stroking her little boobies, and roaring to another cum. It was a big hard cum, Vanessa's buttcheeks clenched tight for like a minute and she rammed her pelvis down on the fat dick to keep it as deep in her as it would go. Finally she exhaled, laughing, and she fell onto her side on the bed, moaning in delight. 

 Foxanna wasted no time to reverse herself and climb on top of the fat adult male cock. What a contrast; now I saw the skinny tall blonde put her teen pussy over the penis, rubbing her pussylips on it, then she sank down on it. I got to see that little skinny ass riding the fat prick, and her thin body looked so frail riding the meaty nude adult. "Fuck yeah!" the blonde shrieked, pushing her pussy down more until he was basically all the way up inside her. 

 The blonde was quite a fuck. "Oh yeah! Oh yeah!" She was exhaling noisily, and taking deep gulps of breath too, while her ass wiggled furiously in circles, whipping that cock around back and forth, side to side. Her thin hips did most of the work, working around and around to fuck that huge penis inside her. The stud kept still mostly, looking up at her breasts above his face (out of my sight, unfortunately) while her wet hairless cunt slid back and forth on his pole (directly in my sight, thankfully). She grew more and more noisy, panting and huffing, shrieking, until she had her own orgasm now, grinding it out on his penis. "Fuck yeahhhhhh!" 

 As soon as her cum came down, it seemed, he smacked her ass, and she climbed off of him, away from Vanessa. With his penis free, my horny daughter got back onto her knees, faced him, and crawled over his cock again. I watched her reach back to hold his dick and she slipped it into her vagina again, and started riding him again. Lucky prick, getting girls to share his fat cock like this. 

 Vanessa arched her back and rode him up and down, showing off her boobies as he watched from the bed, and Foxanna just watched sitting at the side. Vanessa pumped her body up and down and kept that cock deep in her for a good, I don't know, ten minutes, before Foxanna was horny too and the blonde reached to Vanessa's clitty. You know the drill. Vanessa grabbed Foxanna's wrist, not to push it away but hold the blonde's fingers against her clitty, and Vanessa had a body-wrenching orgasm. 

 Then, still fucking the cock, Vanessa pulled Foxanna's wet fingers to her mouth and, staring Foxanna directly in the eyes, licked them clean of her juices one by one. Just like I had once watched Vanessa lick off her juices from her own fingers. 

 Foxanna leaned up, like she was going to climb on board now, but the stud reached to grab his dick at the base. "Gotta cum," he moaned, "gimme some lips to suck it off." 

 Well, now what kind of fantasy is that, telling two teenage girls to suck you off? With both naked girls kneeling and leaning over at his sides, they opened their mouths and stretched out their 18-year-old tongues onto his rigid adult penis. I watched in lust, jealousy, and joy as the girls moaned and slid their tongues up and down his shaft, around his cockhead, and over his balls, back and forth. "Ahhh, ahhh, ahh," he groaned louder and louder, with the blonde and brunette blowing his fat bronzed dick. 

 I got so hard seeing his cock erupt. A shot of gooey thick sperm spit up into the air, and came down on Vanessa's nose and Foxanna's cheek. He grabbed his penis at the base to jerk it, and both girls leaned up and stuck their tongues out over the head. He shot wad after wad, streaking the cum over their cheeks and noses, then depositing more of it on their waiting tongues. He aimed it back and forth, giving equal amounts of sperm to the two sluts. 

 Then, in true slut fashion, when his cum was over, the girls kissed over his dick. With cum on their faces and in their mouths, they swapped that sperm back and forth, breaking the kiss to lick more of it from each other's faces, then sharing it over and over until the sperm and their saliva was one big gooey, bubbly mess. They laughed together, licking it from each other's mouths, until they both swallowed it. 

 As the girls made out, the stud (and me) watched, then he excused himself and sat upright on the bed. Foxanna broke the kiss, smiling at him. "Mmm, what time do you have to get home to wifey?" The stud shrugged, looking around for a clock. "I dunno, soon maybe, what time is it?" He spied the alarm clock and shrugged again. "It's all good, I got time, you know." 

 But he still got off the bed, semi-rigid cock jutting from his crotch, and pointed at the door. "If you ladies excuse me, I got some bizz-nezz in that little room down the hall." He moved out of my sight to take his pee. 

 On the bed, the girls smiled and giggled. "Isn't he fun?" Foxanna grinned, rolling onto her back and butt, exposing her pussy to the pervert in the closet. "I'm gonna miss him when I go to college next year." 

 Vanessa ignored the comment, instead looking off at Foxanna's tits and pussy. "Mmm, take me with you," my horny daughter moaned, then she leaned forward. I watched her kiss the blonde, Vanessa moving onto her knees bending forward while pushing her face into Foxanna's. With tongues again entwined, Foxanna spread her thighs and Vanessa slipped her fingers to the blonde's twat. The experienced twat-fucking fingers rubbed the blonde's clit but then dove for the hole, and Vanessa rammed two digits into the other girl's pussy while they made out, the blonde lying on her back. 

 Daddy was jerking off, although my cock felt spent. It was just so fucking hot I couldn't help myself. I'd only had one cum, but my balls ached and it felt like I was never going to cum again. I was so hard for all of this fucking, I had broken my dick, I think. It felt that way.  

 

 

===

As the girls made out, I watched Vanessa's round soft butt hover above the bed, her knees spread, her pink vagina beckoning for attention. Meanwhile, her fingers were pumping the blonde, and Foxanna's hips undulated in rapid circles taking the two fingers into her pussy. I heard a toilet flush (the pipes are right behind my head, in the closet here), and a few seconds later the nude male entered the room. Upon seeing Vanessa leaning forward to kiss and fingerfuck Foxanna, the male smiled to himself, admired my daughter's position, and came to the bed and leaned forward himself. 

 I saw the stud's fat adult tongue shoot out, he began licking my daughter's clean tight little butthole. Vanessa purred, and the guy started shoving tongue up her anus. Daddy was incredibly turned on. He licked her tight butthole, then after fucking it a few moments, licked down to her pussy and clitty. His cock got hard again, even after all of this sex, and he climbed onto the bed to fuck my daughter again from the rear. 

 Vanessa moaned and took his dick into her pussy from behind while she kept finger-fucking the blonde. Foxanna was kissing back and clutching Vanessa's head, holding it while Foxanna rammed tongue up Vanessa's mouth. The stud held Vanessa's hips, so her body was basically in a vice at both ends, and his penis pushed in and out of Vanessa's 18 year old cunt. 

 I guess I was wrong, about my dick I mean, it wasn't broken, I had another cum myself there in the closet. Needed the towel again, of course. 

 Foxanna was having those little mini-cums girls can have, when they are so aroused and oversexed that they have one orgasm after another, their bodies on fire. She was gushing juices all around Vanessa's fingers, both of them sucking tongues, and the stud kept plowing his erect penis into Vanessa's pussy from the rear. Suddenly, a car door slammed shut outside; I knew it to be the neighbors. But the stud, worried that Vanessa's daddy could show up any time, pulled out and skipped to her window. He looked around, trying to find the source of the sound, but grunted when he saw the driveway to our house still empty. 

 As he made his way back to the bed, Foxanna pulled my daughter's fingers out of her pussy. "I've gotta cum, bad," she moaned, spreading her legs as the stud hovered over her. "Fuck me hard baby." 

 He did that, driving his cock into her cunt while Vanessa kept kissing the girl. The blonde's long body tensed and, being pounded by the stud, she had her last, quivering orgasm of the afternoon. 

 Then, it was my daughter's turn. She moved onto her back next to Foxanna, and the stud took his place over Vanessa. Her legs wrapped around his waist, her feet interlocking above his ass, as she wrapped her arms around his neck. They began to kiss, and he placed his penis against her cunthole, pushing it forward. I could only see his fat ass and her legs around it as he fucked her on the bed, making out, the blonde watching, until I don't know, 15 minutes later or so, he had his third orgasm, pumping another load of semen into Vanessa's pussy. 

 The next half hour was torturous, as they got dressed (slowly) and talked about this and that. Foxanna, it seems, was from about two hours away, a high school senior too. The stud had a wife and kids and didn't care if he was late getting home. I was sort of shocked when my daughter giggled at him at one point, and asked sweetly, "Can you get away from them this weekend? Wanna fuck?" He said sure, he'll see, and she took it as confirmation of a date. (She's only 18, she doesn't know "we'll see" means, "I doubt I can.") 

 But I'll skip most of this part of the story, it's boring. Eventually the two guests got into their clothing -- although, I should tell you all, watching Vanessa pull up Foxanna's thong but kissing the girl's clitty just before covering it up was precious. Vanessa and Foxanna talked about hooking up "next time" at some guy's house, so I realized it wasn't their first time today either. Vanessa didn't get dressed exactly, she only put on her long silk robe, a gift from me, which she tied loosely around her waist. 

 The threesome went downstairs for a while, and at some point the other two had to leave. I never heard it; I was frozen in the closet. That sucked, because I coudn't get out until I knew the coast was safe. Plus, nude -- I'd kicked off the shorts eons ago -- I would have to get dressed before sneaking out of the house go get my car. Damn! No noise. If she went into the bathroom, maybe, I'd hear it behind me, I usually did. When she opens the toilet seat, I can hear the clank. But no such noise, nothing. I was stuck here. I could risk leaving, looking around; but if she ran into me, I'd be dead meat. I found myself thinking, I suppose I could -- 

 Closet door opened quickly. 

 Do you understand? THE CLOSET DOOR OPENED. 

 I looked up, nude, squatting on two big plastic storage bins between my daughter's less-used clothing on hangers, and found myself staring at my daughter. Standing there in her robe, nothing else, one hand still on the closet door, she blinked at me with this empty, far-off look. Not anger, not surprise, not fear, not anything. Empty. 

 Now, talk about mixed motions. THIS was the moment of mixed emotions. 

 Her eyes were on my penis, which wasn't the largest thing at the moment. Then to my face, her eyes searched mine. If I saw anything in her brown orbs, it was pity or something like that. I was pathetic in her eyes, I think, or it seemed. 

 She didn't say anything, her lips were close to but not quite frowning. We were eye to eye, nude father and robe-clad, just-fucked girl with two loads of cum up her pussy. 

 I gulped, yes, that was my first response. Now, being the man (sort of), I of course had to do something. So what did I say? Well, the first fucking thing that came to my mind. "How . . . how . . . how did you know I was here?" 

 Vanessa shrugged. "I saw your cellphone in the kitchen earlier. I looked around and your wallet and car keys were in your room. You weren't anywhere else, so I figured you were here." She didn't sound angry now, her statement was very matter-of-fact. She still kept holding the closet door, though, like she might shut it or something. Her eyes went to my nude smallish dick again (well, can you blame it?), then to the shorts at my feet on the floor, and the towel with my sperm at my side. I am sure the closet smelled like fuck to her too. Her eyes came back to my face. "So, were you like, here the, you know, entire thing? You were, what, watching it all?" 

 If there was a plausible way to deny it, I was thinking for what it would be. My conclusion? I just shrugged and said softly, "Yeah, I was." 

 She processed the information with flinching, standing there still and steady. Then she thought about it more, seeming to grow angry. "So, you watched me have sex, right, Dad?" 

 Again I nodded, I mean, what could I do? 

 "And, what, you weren't angry? I mean -- what, you liked it? You liked seeing me fuck?" 

 Yet again, I nodded. 

 The anger in her voice was mixed with bewilderment. "Hmm," she thought aloud, looking off as she continued to digest the information. She looked at my penis again, shriveling in fear. (What does every alpha dog do in a fight?) Then, out of nowhere, she looked at me and asked again, "Let me understand, you wanted to see me fuck? You knew we were coming and you waited?" 

 Well, that question had a million levels to it and, of course, there was no short answer. But instead of provoking a fight, thinking I needed to get clothing on, I answered her with a somewhat dry mouth in the half-true way. "I waited, but I had no idea you would have -- um, others here." 

 "Ah." That information too caused her to look around, confused. "Oh -- so you thought it would be just me, alone? What, you've been here before, watched me on my bed, on the computer? Phone too?" 

 She got it, alright. I shrugged, defeated. "Yeah." 

 "I see." More processing, more looking around, more standing there stoic. Then, out of nowhere, she shrugged and asked something I wasn't expecting. "And - - ok, Mom won't be home until like, late, right, 10 o'clock?" 

 Puzzled, I nodded. "I guess?" 

 My brunette daughter looked at my face -- blankly -- then at my dick, then at my face. She did a half-smile, like the look of a girl who had won a fight with her man. (My bitch wife gets that look.) "Well, then," she said slowly, dramatically. So here was the boom she was about to lower, right? 

 Vanessa untied her robe. I watched her pull it from her shoulders, she was nude in front of me. Then she backed up to her bed, slowly, making sure I was watching her, she crawled onto her bed on her back, still watching me. She spread her legs wide to the side, butterfly-style, ankles below her ass, exposing her wet sloppy vagina to her father. 

 Looking at me with a wry grin, she purred, "Then we have a few hours, Dad, come over and give it to me." She pushed her pelvis up into the air a bit, her drooling damp pussy offered to her father. Then, in words I recognized that maybe she knew I wrote, or maybe not didn't matter, she smiled, "If you don't get over here and fuck me right now, Dad, I think I'm going to just have to kill myself." 

 Her stunned but suddenly-erect father slowly crawled onto the bed, not believing a thing, thinking it was a bad nightmare and a dream fantasy all together, even as my penis started to slide into her sloppy-wet pussy. It was tight but so warm and wet, filled with all that cum from the hot stud earlier. "Oh fuck that's good Daddy," she purred, reaching her arms around my neck to lean me down for a kiss, "I'm so fucking wet, fuck me, fuck me every day Daddy, I need it so bad all the time, can I be your slut?" 

 

 "Your mom hates fucking me," I reported, wondering to myself why I said that, either as a disclaimer of my abilities or an explanation of why I was horny for my down daughter. 

 "Mmm, fuck her," Vanessa purred against my lips, licking my lips, "I'm so horny all the time, we must be alike, you can fuck me every day when I get home from school." 

 I laughed, suddenly alive and happy like never in my life, but playfully I got her to promise something. Yes, I'd fuck her every day after school, I'd try to telecommute basically every day now, and we could fuck like rabbits. But, only on one condition. What's that? she cried as we were already fucking hard, and you could tell in her voice she'd say yes to anything. So I went for it, and got what I wanted. We've been fucking daily since, and she kept her part of the promise by bringing Foxanna over several times for raunchy Daddy-daughter threesomes. Not to mention the weekend-long fuckfests with the hot 20-something receptionist at my firm. 

 The day I told my bitch wife I was leaving her, and got an apartment down the hall from Vanessa's new apartment? No mixed emotions. I'm so over those. Report_Story 
