#1 

 

 ****** Dan's Homecoming ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© As far as business trips go this one was a bust. The client I was to meet with had a burst appendix two hours into our first meeting and had to be carried off to the hospital. As a result I was home two days early. Beverly's car was in the driveway; good, I thought, I was horny as a goat and a round in the sack and a good dinner at Carl's Chop House would do me just fine. 

 I walked in the house and hollered, "Bev, I'm home." No answer. Maybe she was taking a nap. I carried my suitcase into the bedroom and stopped dead at the sight in front of me. What are you supposed to do when you walk into your bedroom after a two-day absence and find it looking like a whorehouse? A pair of high heels lying on the floor with a pair of black lace panties draped across the toe of one - panties with a thin white crust on the crotch band; an open box of condoms on the bedside table and three used condoms tied off and thrown into the waist basket by the bed. There was another used condom floating in the toilet bowl, and the room fairly reeked of sex. It was pretty obvious to me that my bride was using my absence to play around, and I wondered how long it had been going on. 

 I went downstairs to the kitchen and got myself a beer from the fridge. I noticed that the answering machine had several messages so I hit the play button. Two telephone solicitors and then a mans voice followed the time stamp for yesterday, "I'll be there at 5 Babe. Are we staying in or going out? Give me a call." Another solicitor and then a mans voice with today's time stamp, "Yo Bev. I got the beer and the condoms. I'll see you at 4. Bye." A woman's voice was next, "Beverly, you slut. Did you have to take both of them? God, I was hoping I'd get the cowboy. Call me." I looked at my watch, it was 1:15 and 'beer and condom boy' was due at 4 so Bev should be coming home pretty soon to get ready for her date. I went to the home security panel and selected Outside Lights. I toggled the program button until it read Intruder Alert and I selected that function. Now, whenever someone triggered the motion detectors a chime would also sound. I went up the stairs to my den, which was directly across the hall from the bedroom. Since we never closed the bedroom door, I gambled that she wouldn't close it now, and that I should be able to see whatever went on through a crack in the den door. I worked on business papers for about an hour until I heard the Intruder Alert chime. I got up and closed the door just enough so that I could see and I waited. 

 Bev came through the front door and was running up the stairs. She hurried into the bedroom and started picking things up and putting them away; high heels into the closet, condoms into the bedside table drawer, and used condoms down the toilet. I wondered how many condoms had made the trip and I hoped that I would never find out the hard way - a clogged drain and a call to a plumber. Bev stripped of her clothes and headed for the shower and as soon as I heard the water running I went down stairs and reset the alarm system so the chime would not go off and went back to the den. The shower stopped and Bev came into view drying herself with a towel and I watched as she prepared herself for her company. Beige nylons, garter belt, black bustier and high heels. I got a raging hardon just watching that woman dress. She might be an unfaithful bitch, but she could always turn me on. She put on a black lace negligee and did a couple of turns in front of the mirror apparently satisfied with what she saw. The front door bell rang and Bev headed down the stairs. 

 It was almost half an hour before Bev and her 'friend' came up the stairs. Her negligee was gone, condom boy was naked and Bev was pulling him along by his cock like it was a leash. He was not a bad looking guy, a little shorter than I was, I'm 6'2", but he definitely had the edge on me in the cock department. Was that what this was all about? Cock size? He was a least two inches longer that me, but I was bigger around by one or two inches. They must have done all their foreplay downstairs because she rolled a condom on him and they got on the bed and went right at it - just straightforward fucking. Oddly enough, I was turned on watching him do the 'old in and out' with my wife. That was something about myself that I'd never known. Was I a voyeur, or did I just get turned on watching my wife? I'd need to think about that. 

 Bev had at least two orgasms while her stud pounded away and not too long after the second one her stud announced that he was going to cum. He pumped into her a few more times and then slowly withdrew. They lay next to each other for a few moments and Bev reached over and pulled off the condom. She tied it in a knot and threw into the wastebasket next to the bed. She bent over and took the guys limp dick in her mouth and went to work on it as only she can. My cock has never been able to resist her mouth so I know what he was feeling and sure enough, in only a few minutes, she had him standing tall again. Bev pushed him on his back, rolled another condom on him, straddled him and away they went again. This time it lasted a good twenty minutes and Bev had two more orgasms. 

 They lay side by side on the bed with Bev stroking his softening cock. Whether she was being possessive or just trying to get him hard again I didn't know. He, however, must have thought she was trying to encourage life in his dead cock. "Damn Bev. Don't you ever get enough?" 

 "Only when my husbands home Billy." 

 "I don't understand that," said Billy. "The day before yesterday you took on Jimmy in his camper. Last night it was my brother and me and tonight here I am back again. Your old man obviously can't satisfy you!" 

 Bev dropped Billy's cock and sat straight up in the bed. "Billy Wilkes, talking like that will get your sorry ass thrown out of this bed in a heartbeat. Dan is more man than you, your brother, and Jimmy put together. The only problem is that he isn't here when I've got to have sex, which, unfortunately, is most of the time. Now shut up and get your dick hard or get out." 

 Billy did get it hard and they fucked for another twenty-five minutes before he collapsed. Bev was trying to get him hard again, but wasn't having much luck. 

 I walked to the desk and got my cellphone out of my briefcase. I turned it on and called our home number. Bev took the call on the phone next to the bed. 

 "Hey Babe! I got in early. I'm on the way home - should be there in ten minutes or so." 

 "Gee Honey," she said, "Your timing is perfect. I'm horny as hell. Christ, I'm getting wet just thinking about you being here." 

 She hung up the phone. "Jesus Billy - you have to get out of here - now! That was Dan and he's on the way home. Move damn it!" 

 They both took off down the stairs and I moved from the den into our bedroom closet. I heard the front door slam and the sound of feet running up the stairs. Bev came tearing into the room; she grabbed the used rubbers and ran to the toilet with them. She stripped off her cum stained nylons and bustier and threw them down the laundry chute. She stripped off the bed sheets and they followed the nylons into the laundry basket. She grabbed fresh linens out of the linen closet and made the bed and then looked around to see if she had forgotten anything. She remembered the negligee and ran down stairs to get it. When she got back to the room she spotted her high heels and grabbed them up and then she brought them over to the closet. She opened the door, saw me and her face went white as I said, "Here - let me help you with those." Report_Story 
