Geena Becomes a Whore
=====================
#1 

 

 

===

Geena had been out of sorts for almost a month and I knew that something was wrong, but every time I tried to talk to her she would tell me that nothing was wrong, she was just tired. Well I could understand that. Taking care of a full time job and two kids can do that to you. I'm sorry to say that I wasn't feeling all that sympathetic toward her problem. She didn't have to work and I hadn't wanted her to go to work, but she said that she needed to get out of the house during the day when the kids were in school. She got a job as a secretary at a firm not too far from the house and it seemed to keep her happy and when she was happy she kept me happy so I stopped arguing with her about it. 

 The one thing that I didn't really like about Geena working was that one night a week she would stop after work for a drink with her coworkers. I'm not against a little social drinking, but several times Geena had come home in a condition that bordered on being drunk and I didn't like the idea of her being out there driving like that. She insisted that she was all right and promised me that she would call a cab or call me anytime she had what she considered too much. I didn't press things, which was a mistake, one of several in fact, and it was a mistake that probably ended our marriage. 

 I came home from work one night and found Geena sitting at the kitchen table and crying. I wouldn't let her put me off and I pushed hard to find out what was wrong. In retrospect I should have left it alone. It was a classic case of what I didn't know hadn't hurt me. Geena was overcome with guilt because she had been cheating on me and once the admission had been made the story just poured out of her. 

 It had happened the very first night that she had stopped with her co-workers for drinks after work. There were fourteen of them sitting around three tables that had been pushed together and after a couple of drinks one of the guys had talked Geena out onto the dance floor. She hadn't really felt comfortable doing it, but most of the others were out on the floor and she didn't want to be a party pooper. A couple of more drinks and she was pretty loose and she had danced with all six of the men sitting at her table. A couple more drinks and when one of the guys kissed her she didn't resist. She didn't think anything about it because it had happened at other parties that she had attended with me and no harm had come of it. Soon every one of the guys had kissed her and a couple had felt her up and all of a sudden she found herself on a back seat with her legs up on a man's shoulders. 

 "I didn't mean to do it. Honest to God I didn't. I don't even know how it happened. One minute I was dancing with Tony and then all of a sudden he was screwing me. I don't even remember walking out to the car." 

 Tony had fucked her three times and then they had gone back into the bar. Geena had expected the other girls in the party to sneer at her and treat her like the slut she felt like, but the other girls acted like it was normally accepted behavior. It turned out that it was, but Geena hadn't known it at the time. She left the bar confused over what had happened and fearful of what I would do when I found out. She hadn't planned on hiding it from me - she had intended to confess and ask me to forgive her, but the closer she got to home the faster her courage drained from her. By the time she reached our front door she was determined to keep me from finding out what she had done. 

 "You might have forgiven me for being unfaithful, especially since I was drunk, but I knew that you would never forgive me for the other." 

 "What other?" 

 "He was black." 

 To understand Geena's reluctance to bring up the subject of her black lover you have to know a little about me. I was born and raised in South Carolina and in the 30's, 40's and 50's South Carolina was not a hotbed of desegregation. Quite the opposite. I grew up with the attitudes of my family and friends. In short - I was pretty much a racist. I was a product of the times when there were separate drinking fountains and separate restrooms for blacks and whites and the word 'nigger' had a prominent place in my vocabulary. After leaving South Carolina and seeing some of the rest of the world there were some changes in my attitude. I served with blacks in the Army, I worked with quite a few in different jobs and in time I came to accept that ninety percent of what I was taught when I was young was bullshit. But a few things still remained and chief among them was the belief that blacks and whites should keep to their own. My wife knew this about me very well. Her fear of my reaction to being told that she had just been fucked by a nigger was well founded. 

 My disgust at her revelation registered on my face and Geena saw it, but instead of intimidating her it seemed to make her more defiant and the rest of the story started coming out. The following week she had not stopped with the girls after work. The next day at work they asked her why and she told them that she had been so mortified by what she had done with Tony that she was having a hard time facing them at work, let alone after. The girls had laughed and then had told her that they all had made the trip out to the parking lot at one time or another. In fact two of them had been out there at the same time she was. They also told her that the other guys had been looking forward to having fun with her now that Tony had broken the ice. Geena told them that the first time was a major mistake and that she couldn't let it happen again. She was assured that she had nothing to be afraid of as the guys always accepted no as an answer. 

 The next week Geena stopped with the group and the guys did try to hustle her, but even though she'd had several drinks and was feeling a little bit flirty she said no and they backed off and she spent the rest of the night watching the other girls make trips out to the parking lot. She wondered how they could do it. Every one of the girls was white and married and the men they were cheating on their husbands with were all black, but there didn't seem to be any guilt in evidence - it seemed to be treated as just fun - recreational sex! 

 The next two weeks when Geena stopped with the group she was left alone. Oh, the guys danced with her, but no passes were made in her direction. She just sat, sipped her drink and watched the other girls go out to the parking lot. She told herself that the men were leaving her alone because that is what she indicated that she wanted, but deep down she felt that it was really because she wasn't as attractive as the other women, all of whom were ten to fifteen years younger than she was. That was her frame of mind the following week when she stopped. After several drinks she was determined to prove that she was every bit as attractive to men as the other girls. Several drinks and a lot of close dancing later when none of the men had made a pass at her she took matters into her own hands. In the middle of the dance floor she had taken her partner's head in her hands and kissed him. She had not intended to go any farther than that, but several drinks later she had found herself in a back seat again with her legs spread and another black man fucking her. This time though there was a difference. Her six black coworkers had decided that they wanted Geena to be a regular part of their group and they figured that the best way to do that was to give her so many orgasms that she would want to come back for more. Their solution was to gangbang her. When her first lover finished a second man took his place and when he finished another was ready. For the next two hours Geena's pussy was only empty for as long as it took for one man to get out and another to get in. By the time the bar closed that night Geena was hooked on black cock and multiple partners and massive orgasms. 

 In the following weeks Geena became a true slut. She would stop after work, have several drinks and then spend the rest of the night on a back seat with a cock or several in her. Then came the economic downturn and Geena was given a choice of a layoff or working part time. Taking the layoff would put an end to her sex life so she took the part time offer, but didn't tell me about it. By not telling me she felt that she could still keep her night out. Her venue changed from back seats to motel rooms. She worked from eight until one and then she checked into a motel room that her six black lovers had chipped in to pay for. For the next two months instead of going to the bar and fucking from six in the evening until the bar closed she went to the motel and fucked from one in the afternoon until it was time to come home. 

 Last week things had changed. Tony brought some friends with him and after they had fucked her some more men came by and fucked her and when they left even more came. Geena had been fucked by over thirty men that day and all of them had been either black or Mexican. When she came home that night she knew she was out of control, but it wasn't until yesterday that she realized just how far out of control she was. 

 She and Tony had checked into the motel and when Tony had finished fucking her he had gone to the door of the unit and whistled and a steady stream of men started to come into the room. She saw them giving Tony money and then they all fucked her. For the rest of the day there was a steady stream of men between her legs. Several times she had tried to get up and leave, but there were always enough men in the room to hold her down and the men just kept coming. When they had finished with her she could hardly walk and Tony had just laughed at her when she asked for help walking to her car. She stopped at a liquor store on the way home and bought a pint of whiskey and had spilled it on her clothes so I would think she was drunk when she got home and leave her alone. This morning she had called in sick and had stayed home and cried most of the day. Then I had come home and had pretty much forced her to confess. 

 As bad as the story was it wasn't the worst of it. She finished her story with a plea, "Please don't throw me out. Please let me stay here until I know for sure." 

 "Know what for sure?" 

 "Whether or not the baby is yours." 

 She was pregnant! She was pregnant and wanted to stay with me so my insurance would foot the bill for bringing another black bastard into the world. I told her to get an abortion and get Tony to pay for it out of her "earnings". 

 "But it might be ours." 

 It seems that I'm the only white man she has fucked (in more ways than one) since she started her job and became a whore. On the off chance that the baby will be white I'm not tossing her ass out on the street where she belongs, but I have moved everything of hers into the spare bedroom and I have told her as far as I'm concerned our relationship is now that of a landlord and tenant. She can come and go as she pleases, but she is to stay away from me. Our two kids are not yet old enough to understand and hopefully Geena will be gone before they do get old enough. Is there any chance that Geena and I can put things back together? I don't think so. I don't believe that I could ever again bring myself to touch her since she became a whore for black cock. Report_Story 
