#1 

 

 ****** Inappropriate ****** bysex4every1© My name is John, I am 38 and happily married for nearly three years now to my lovely wife Susan, who is 32. I am a doctor and have my own practice at home. My wife is an interior decorator, so connections are very important in her line of business. For this reason we host a number of parties every year. This story is about something that happened during one of those parties. 

 My in-laws live close by -- twenty minutes by car -- and are prominent members of the local social society, and so they attend almost every party. Except for the basic pleasantries and chitchat, I had never really talked to my in-laws, Bill and Chrystal. Being a physician, I was barely good enough for their daughter, as they had made clear on several occasions; needless to say that their social status had made them arrogant and condescending. Especially Chrystal who had only one word for everything she disapproved of: inappropriate, whether someone was late for an appointment or they bumped into her without apologizing, everything and everyone was always inappropriate. Since they had their own physician, I didn't see them professionally either, which was fine by me... after all, who wants to see their in-laws naked? 

 Back to the story: there were about forty guests present and the open bar was a success, as usual. While I was trying to stay interested in yet another high society story from one of the guests, I suddenly heard a yelp followed by some commotion. As my eyes were still trying to pinpoint the origin of the noise, I heard my wife calling out to me: I honed in on her voice and ran over. Apparently my mother-in-law had twisted her left ankle and had fallen flat on her face. I helped her up and one of the bystanders pulled up a chair for her to sit on. After examining her ankle, I realized it was just a minor sprain. When I looked up at her to tell her how bad I thought it was, I couldn't help but notice how beautiful she looked: her long blond hair surrounding her face, her big breasts making for an ample cleavage in her pink sweater. As I was kneeling there in front of her, my hands under the seem of her salmon pants holding her ankle, I felt so horny and hot for her all of a sudden, that for a second I thought I was back in high school, ogling my first girlfriend. When my wife asked me what she could do to help, I replied that it was going to be all right and that I would take care of her in my practice; I put Chrystal's arm around my shoulder and helped her on her feet, meanwhile I was ogling her breasts as much as I thought I could get away with. I was getting hornier with every passing second, without any obvious reason; my wife and I had a good sex life, as a matter of fact she'd given me a sloppy blowjob just that morning! 

 Chrystal meanwhile limped, leaning on my shoulder, her left arm wrapped around my neck, towards the house; by now, we had left the crowd and were almost out of sight, when she stumbled again. I tightened my grip to keep her from falling, moving my right hand -- which had been in her side up until now -- up to her right boob. Chrystal gasped. We had our backs to everyone, so it went unnoticed, but as I couldn't immediately move my hand until she took another step, I whispered:"I am sorry; I realize it's inappropriate, but I can't let go with you leaning towards that side." My cock was fully erect now, and I fought a smile, realizing that I had used her favorite word. 

 "Don't be sorry... it was reflex." Chrystal said as she regained her balance and took another step. That would have been the end of it, I guess, if she'd hadn't said what she was about to say next. "Besides, it's not like you were squeezing it: that would have been inappropriate!" 

 I don't know what got into me, but I took what she said as an invitation; instead of removing my hand now she'd regained her balance, I gently squeezed the underside of her breast, gently massaging my fingers into the soft tit- flesh, covered by her pink sweater. She gasped and turned her head to look at me as she slowly limped on, still leaning on me. My whole life flashed before my eyes as I realized the implications of her making a scene... I could have been in a lot of trouble! Luckily she didn't freak out or object in any way. Figuring that maybe she was holding back because she didn't want to make a scene in front of all of the guests, I feared that she might start to yell as soon as we walked into the house. In order to defuse a potential perilous situation, I decided to apologize preemptively and said:"I am sorry Chrystal, that was inappropriate of me!" feeling my cock throb in my pants. 

 As we walked down the hall to my office, she just whispered:"Don't worry about it." 

 Again, she probably -- although less likely than before -- could have stopped the whole thing here, if she'd just shut up. Instead she said:"That's not inappropriate John... inappropriate would be if you tweaked my nipple or something." I couldn't believe it, again with that word, twice in the same sentence! The fucking bitch was daring me, I thought as she looked me in the eye. Ok then, I thought... if she wanted to play! 

 I took her nipple between my thumb and index finger and started rolling it gently, making her gasp and moan as we were approaching the door to my office. As we entered, I was really tweaking and jerking her erect nipple around under her sweater. God, my cock was so big, it was nearly bursting out of my pants. I gently sat her down on the examining table, which forced me to let go of her tit and nipple; as soon as she sat down, she looked at it and gently traced around the obscenely big nipple in her sweater several times, flipping the nipple herself a couple of times. I closed the door and locked it with the keys, then turned around and decided to see how far she was willing to go with this. 

 "You're sure that that was not inappropriate?" I said, putting the ball in her camp. Looking up from her right tit -- her finger still tracing around the nipple -- she swallowed and said:"No no, it's fine... just as long as you don't ask me to take off my pants just to examine my ankle." We both laughed for a second as if it was a real joke, then I turned around and took off my vest. She was calling my bluff, I thought -- trying to convince myself that this was still a game. As I pulled up a stool, I looked at her and said:"Would you mind taking off your pants for a minute?" 

 She looked at me for a second, lust radiating from her and then said:"Sure." 

 Leaning on her good foot, she unbuttoned her salmon pants and pushed them down. Before she had a chance to sit down again, I said:"Panties too please." She looked at me, as her body shuddered, then hooked her thumbs in her panties and pulled them down to her knees; as she sat back down onto the examining table, she wobbled her good leg around until her pants and panties had slipped over her shoes and were on the ground. 

 As I looked at my mother-in-law sitting on my examining table, naked from the waist down except for her white summer shoes, I lowered my hand and unzipped my pants slowly, whispering:"I hope it won't be too inappropriate, but I'd like to jack off a little bit!" 

 Chrystal stared at my crotch with eyes big as saucers, licked her lips and replied:"I guess it's okay as long as you don't think about me while you're doing it." I kicked off my shoes, lowered my pants and boxers and got down on my knees in front of her, my huge dong dangling between my legs. I gripped it firmly with my right hand and started stroking it fast and hard. Chrystal gawked at my impressive member and the big purple head, sticking out of my fist. With my left hand I caressed her good leg up and down and stared blatantly at her rack, and her fully erect nipples. After about a minute or so, Chrystal opened her legs, giving me a prime view of her pussy. 

 While my eyes were ogling her rack and pussy, I grunted:"Would it be inappropriate if I came?" 

 "Maybe just a little bit... but as long as you don't get any cum on my clothes, I guess it's okay!" she replied. 

 I grunted and moaned as I aimed my throbbing, fat cock at her pants and started pumping out big ropes of disgustingly thick cum on them; when I was nearly done, I grabbed her white panties and wrapped them around my pulsating cock head, ejaculating the last of my cum in them. 

 I looked up at her and said:"Okay, let's take a look at that ankle now." as I wiped my cock on her panties and threw them on top of her soiled, salmon pants. 

 

 I sat down on the stool and carefully placed her bad leg on my naked knee. As I gently rubbed her ankle, looking for a swelling, I put my other hand on her thigh and started moving it upwards. Chrystal realized that I was not really examining her and gripped the edge of the table with both hands as her body started trembling as my hand was getting closer to its main target. When I reached her pussy, she opened her legs a little more and gasped; carefully I placed my thumb on her clit and started tracing tiny circles, making her squirm and wriggle. "I hope this is not too inappropriate." I mocked her. 

 "No, that's okay." she whispered. "But don't put any fingers inside of me; I am your mother-in-law, that would be totally inappropriate!" 

 "I agree." I said as I starting prying her lips open and shoved my index and middle finger in, two knuckles deep. She moaned loudly and I could feel her soaking wet pussy getting even wetter. 

 "Oh, I am so sorry; my fingers got away from me there." I said, continuing our little game. "I guess this is totally inappropriate behavior then?" keeping my fingers deep inside of her. 

 "Well, I guess as long [pause] as you're not actually [pause] fingering me, it's not completely wrong." she whimpered as she leaned forward, putting her hands on my shoulders for support, knowing damn well what was going to happen next. After waiting a few moments, for dramatic effect, I started pistoning my fingers in and out of her, rubbing against her vaginal walls and grinding my knuckle against her clit for maximum effect. She clenched her eyes shut as she moaned and groaned, bucking against my hand. 

 "Is this inappropriate then?" I asked. 

 "I [moan] guess [moan] so." she replied. "Just don't [moan] make me [moan] cream [moan] all over your [moan] hand, that just wouldn't [moan] be [moan] right!" 

 Needless to say, I picked up the pace a little bit and shoved in third finger to do exactly that. Chrystal quickly started convulsing and thrashing against my hand, then let go of my shoulders and leaned back, placing her hands on the examining table behind her and started grinding her pelvis against my hand, fucking back hard and fast. She orgasmed for a full two minutes, soaking not only my hand, but also the examining table and the floor directly beneath where she was sitting. When my fingering could no longer enhance her pleasure, I stopped, keeping my fingers in her just a bit longer as she was coming down from her orgasmic cloud. 

 "God, oh god." she panted as she sat up again. Slowly I pulled my fingers out of her and walked over to the sink, rinsing off her juices from my hand. 

 "Be honest." I said. "That was inappropriate, wasn't it?" 

 Still catching her breath, she replied:"It's just nasty sex; it's not like we were kissing..." 

 I smiled as I put the towel back and walked towards her. 

 "I mean you're married to my daughter..." she continued, as I stepped in between her legs and gently took her face between my hands. 

 "... for us to kiss each other; now that would be inappropriate!" she said, finishing her sentence just a fraction of a second before I pressed my lips against hers. Immediately her mouth opened and our tongues started dancing with each other as we kissed passionately. As the fire between us exploded in a passionate kiss, I felt my cock becoming erect again. Due to the short distance between us, it didn't take long for it to bump against her inner thigh, just an inch from her moist pussy. She broke the kiss and said:"I hope you're not thinking of shoving that thing into me; that would just be..." 

 "Inappropriate!" we whispered in unison as we started devouring each other again, our lips and tongues entwined, swapping a fair amount of spit in our sloppy kissing. About ten seconds later, I turned my hips two inches to the right and pushed my cock into her soaking wet pussy. Because she was still so wet and loose from the fingering, she hardly reacted at all. 

 "Oh no." I said, breaking our kiss again and looking down. "I've seemed to have slipped in, I just hope this isn't too inappropriate." 

 "No." she replied. "Inappropriate would be if you actually started fucking your slutty mother-in-law!" 

 We didn't put our mouths together anymore as we both knew what was coming next. I looked at her and brutally shoved my pelvis forward and upwards, shoving my cock all the way in; no matter how wet and loose she was, that she felt! She moaned, and I did it again, and again, and again. Each time she gasped and moaned a little harder. 

 "Does that feel good, you stuck-up bitch?" I asked in between thrusts. 

 "Mmm." she murmured. 

 "Good, I was afraid that my cock wouldn't be good enough to pump around in your arrogant little twat!" 

 "Just don't expect me to [moan] suck it, now that it's dripping with my juices... that would be so disgusting, not to [moan] mention highly inappropriate!" I pulled my cock out of her and forced her to her knees, stuffing my cock clumsily in her mouth, first getting some of her juices on her chin and the area around her mouth. She opened willingly and started sucking her own cunt juice off my pole like it was cotton candy. 

 After half a minute or so, I pulled my cock back out of her mouth and asked: "Like that?" 

 She licked her lips, swallowed and then said:"No silly, making me taste 'm just once is not inappropriate; for it to be really inappropriate, you'd have to do it multiple times in a row... purposely feeding me my own cunt!" 

 I couldn't believe what she was asking me to do... 

 I pushed her onto the examining table again and made her lie on her back, her head hanging off one end of the table and her legs spread wide on the other end. I stuffed my cock into her wide open cunt, gave her a few deep shoves and then pulled out, walking over to the other side of the table, where she willingly gulped down my drenched cock. This, I repeated at least twenty times and each time Chrystal seemed more eager to taste herself. I didn't really have a plan here, so I just kept shoving my cock down her two holes alternately; eventually the inevitable happened just as I was stuffing it down her throat. I quickly pulled back and spurted out a massive batch of cum, drenching her entire face in beads and wires of warm sperm. She didn't object one little bit; instead she just squirmed and took it like a champ, patiently and quietly waiting for me to empty my sack on her face. When I was done, Chrystal -- with her entire face soaked in my goo -- whispered:"I must say; shooting your sperm in my face and leaving me frustrated like this is really inappropriate!" 

 "Really?" I asked as I was shaking the last drops of cum out of my cock onto her face, noticing that my erection wasn't diminishing. "We can't have that, now can we? How about I shove my cock back up your bourgeois twat?" I asked rhetorically as I walked back to the other side of the examination table and plunged my still hard cock back in, taking her by surprise -- as I had just glued her eyes shut. Out of reflex, she raised her head for a second, but quickly lowered it again as I started fucking her hard and fast. Despite the fact that I had just cum for the second time in ten minutes, I was able to maintain my erection and give Chrystal the fucking she so desperately craved. I banged her for five or six minutes before making her orgasm, kept going and fucked her through another one a few minutes later, and another one after that. I rarely was this virile with my own wife, but this bitch just brought out the very best -- or worst -- in me. I was sweating like a pig and getting pretty tired, yet I kept fucking her until she actually begged me to stop. I stopped and slowly pulled my raging hard-on out of her battered cunt, listening to her moan and whimper as she was nearly crying. 

 Grabbing my slimy cock in my right hand, I started jerking it and walked over to the other side of the examination table, where I continued masturbating inches from her face, determined to give the bitch another facial. That is, until I suddenly realized that -- despite everything we'd done in the last fifteen minutes -- I still hadn't seen her tits. So without further ado, I grabbed both sides of her cleavage and tore her blouse to shreds, then yanked the cups off her bra, uncovering her juicy tits to my lustful glance. Shocked, Chrystal poked her head up and did her best to see past the haze of cum still covering her eyes as she felt around her chest area for the remnants of her blouse and bra, clearly worried about how she was going to explain all this to her husband and daughter. Frankly, I couldn't have cared less. I aimed my cock at her tits and started jerking again, quickly yanking myself to a third climax. It was still a fair amount of cum and most of it ended up on her right tit and nipple, although a few spatters also made it to her left one. Completely spent, I took a few steps back and sat down on a stool, catching my breath. 

 As Chrystal got up and slid off the examination table, a bit wobbly on her feet, I smiled when I realized how much I had marked and degraded this narcissistic old cunt. With half-dried up cum on her face, fresh cum on her tits, a mixture of our juices running down her thighs and all of her clothes either spunked or torn, she looked like she'd just stepped out of a BDSM movie. With some water from the sink, a couple of towels and a blouse and bra from my wife's closet, she cleaned up real nice. She even started to look respectable again -- although I knew better -- but neither of us spoke another word: the momentum was clearly gone from our little adventure. A couple of minutes later, we walked out of my office and headed back to the party. 

 Our timing couldn't have been any better as Susan came looking for us right that very moment. "Better limp a little, at least for a little while." I whispered. After reassuring my wife that everything was okay, we started mingling with the crowd again. For a little while, my mother-in-law was the center of attention and the main topic of discussion, but things eventually returned to normal and the party resumed its normal boring course. Except for exchanging a few knowing glances, Chrystal and I stayed clear of each other the rest of the night. 

 After all the guests had left -- hours later -- Chrystal and Bill helped us clean up as they always did and then went home themselves. Although Susan was pretty tired, I didn't really give her a chance to say no; once we were both in bed, I got on top of her and just shoved my cock in. She figured I was going to let her off the hook with a quickie, but she was stunned by the energy I was fucking her with; I really slammed into her and lifted her petite body off the mattress over and over again. All the time I was thinking about Chrystal; even when I fucked her through two orgasms and spurted my cum deep inside of her, I was fantasizing about her mother, my mother-in-law, the arrogant bitch, and as I had learned earlier that day: a fucking whore!  

 

 ****** Inappropriate Ch. 02 ****** bysex4every1© Nearly two years had passed since the incident with Susan's mom. For the first few weeks after it happened, the incident fueled my lust and my fantasies, but after that it soon faded into a distant memory. As weeks turned into months, it all became a blur and there were times that I asked myself if it had really happened at all. Chrystal had gone back to being a complete bitch within minutes after what happened and had remained that way ever since. I had made no further attempt to be alone with her or make any moves on her. 

 Then, suddenly, out of the blue, Bill and Chrystal invited us to join them in their brand new summer vacation villa to celebrate our wedding anniversary. Susan and I had planned a small party with some friends, but her parents decided that the party would just have to wait until we'd spent some time at their luxurious mansion. Susan agreed off course and jumped at the opportunity to revel in the ridiculous luxury I was unable to provide. The mansion housed six bathrooms, fourteen bedrooms, five dining rooms, a pool, a billiards room and several sitting areas that did not have any clear function, other than to flaunt some obscure art. After looking over the pictures, I realized that it wouldn't be too difficult to avoid my in-laws in that big of an environment. I played hard-ball with my wife however and feigned severe reluctance to increase her gratitude when I eventually did say yes, and it worked: as a token of her gratitude she spent the next twenty minutes on her knees sucking the cum out of my balls. 

 And so, immediately after my blowjob, Susan started calling our friends to postpone the party, while I began contacting my fellow physicians to see if any of them could handle my patients for a week. Afterwards we packed for three hours straight, so that we could leave the very next morning. After a six hours drive, we were greeted by Susan's parents and their staff of two. I didn't care so much about the muscular black butler, but the young gorgeous chambermaid with red hair, however, really caught my attention. This did not go unnoticed by my wife, who poked me in the ribs and shot me an angry, irritated look. 

 Bill was wearing... well, who cares. Chrystal was wearing a red, two piece bathing suit, with a see-through white, crochet jacket, barely concealing anything. A typical sunhat and sunglasses gave her that up-classy bitch look. On top of that, she went out of her way to ignore me; not only did she not speak to me - not a single word - but she also turned her back towards me every chance she got. I'd be lying if I said her attitude wasn't giving me a massive boner. 

 During the grand tour of the house - which took about thirty minutes and only covered the sections which were completely ready and fully decorated - Susan, along with her parents, walked several meters in front of me. I deliberately dragged my feet, so that I could stare at my mother-in-law's ass and legs. I had to be careful though, I was already in the doghouse with my wife because of the staring-at-the-hot-maid thing. I could only imagine how much trouble I'd be in if she were to catch me lusting after her own mother. But the three of them were so wrapped up in admiring the mansion and chitchatting about every piece of art they came across, that I didn't have too much to worry about. As a result, my erection never quite went down. 

 Eventually we arrived at the pool - the most interesting part of the mansion as far as I was concerned - and were served some champagne. Because I kept leering at the maid and Chrystal every chance I got, my cock still didn't go soft. I desperately needed some relief! 

 When Bill asked if we wanted to see the vineyards, I realized that this was my chance. I declined politely, stating that I wanted to go and freshen up. Sharing her father's passion for wine, Susan eagerly accepted, as expected, hopefully giving me ample time to have a good wank. 

 "Do you know how to get to your room?" Bill inquired. 

 "Yes, I'll manage," I replied. 

 While father and daughter headed out to the vineyard, Chrystal laid herself down on one of the tanning beds as I started my expedition to find our room. As I hadn't been paying much attention during the tour, I was completely unfamiliar with the layout and needed almost ten minutes to find it. After locking the door from the inside, I took off my clothes, whipped out my cock and had a good, long wank. Needless to say, I thought of Chrystal the entire time and even grunted her name as I shot my fat load on the floor. 

 Unfortunately, that was the most interesting part of the first day. Afterwards, there was off course the inescapable fight with my wife - who was still obsessing over the whole maid thing. After apologizing about half a dozen times, I finally managed to change the subject, but I had a feeling I wouldn't be getting sex any time soon. I spent the rest of the day relaxing by the pool, reading my book and talking to either Bill or my wife. Chrystal still hadn't said a word to me. Her arrogance, not to mention the way she looked, aroused me significantly and continually. 

 The second day didn't go any better; except for taking a walk through the vineyards with my wife, it was pretty much a carbon copy of the day before; leering at the maid and at Chrystal, jerking off alone in our room, sitting by the pool, eating, swimming and generally being ignored all day long by my mother-in-law. 

 Although day three started off exactly the same way, in the afternoon, everything changed. After lunch, Bill invited Susan and me to accompany him into town. There was some sort of wine related happening and he was looking to network, because he didn't know the first thing about winemaking. Chrystal had no interest in wine - except for drinking lots of it - and therefor opted to stay home. Figuring a change of scenery would break the monotony, I accepted and so the three of us started walking to town. It was only a couple of kilometers and it was a beautiful, sunny day. 

 Barely twenty minutes after leaving however, Bill and I got into a big fight, after he had felt the need to once again belittle my career. He made it abundantly clear - yet again - that being married to a mere physician was not good enough for his daughter. It got so bad that I told him to go and fuck himself, turned around and started walking back to the mansion. Although Susan was inclined to take my side, she didn't really have the courage to stand up to her father. She rushed after me and tried to change my mind, but I had just had about enough of his crap. I stopped, turned towards her and told her in a calm and composed tone to go ahead and spend the afternoon with her father, as we would be driving home the next morning. To my surprise, she didn't object and simply nodded, probably realizing that her father had once again crossed the line. 

 And so, we parted ways. I walked back to the mansion and headed straight to our room to begin packing. In an uncanny case of impeccable timing, Chrystal suddenly showed up in the doorway, leaning against the door post, dressed in her bathing suit with her sunglasses clipped in her hair. As I was still pissed off, I ignored her and continued packing, figuring she would leave soon enough. Next time I glanced in her general direction, however, she quickly reached for her bikini top and pulled it over her tits, exposing them. Without pause, she reached for the little knot that was keeping her bikini bottoms up and undid it. I couldn't believe my eyes as she threw both pieces of clothing to the ground. 

 Here I was, staring at her big tits and neatly trimmed bush again, after all that time. The seemingly lost memories all came rushing back and while my lingering anger vanished, my cock rose to attention. All right, I had time to play, I figured. I walked up to her, took out my hard cock and stroked it a couple of times. When I was right in front of her, I reached out to cup one of her tits, but she slapped my hand away. No touching, okay, I can do that, I thought. To be honest, getting my hand slapped away only made my cock harder and thicker, so I tried it again a couple of times. First, one of her tits again, then her arm and finally I tried to touch her pussy, only to get slapped away harder each time. 

 I sank to my knees and looked up at her as I furiously jacked off my throbbing fat cock. I may have been able to misinterpret her heavy breathing or the horny look in her eyes, but when she seductively bit her lower lip, there was no longer any doubt. The fucking bitch was actually enjoying this! She squatted down, opening her legs as wide as she could in the process and slowly reached for my crotch, briefly brushing her hand against the purple tip of my cock. As I felt her hand wrapping around my shaft, I stopped what I was doing and let go, thinking - hoping - she was going to give me a handjob. But then she moved her hand down to my balls and grabbed them, firmly, but without actually hurting me - yet. I felt like kicking myself for making such an obvious tactical mistake; even with her limited strength, she could have easily crippled me right then and there. Fearing this had all been a ruse to trick me into this vulnerable position, I was preparing for a world of hurt. She grinned, recognizing the fear in my eyes and enjoyed the absolute power she had over me. 

 But then, after fifteen seconds of wondering if I'd be able to walk again anytime soon, Chrystal suddenly released her grip on my balls and locked both hands behind her head, opening her mouth as wide as she could and sticking her tongue out invitingly. It was one of the most submissive acts I had ever seen! Without knowing how I was going to react, she just gave up all control, submitting to my possibly harsh revenge. I got up, gave my cock a few pumps - quickly restoring it to its former hardness - and then crammed my tip in her mouth, roughly. With her hands still locked behind her head, she looked up at me and started bobbing her head up and down my hard shaft. After every few sucks, she took my erection a little deeper until she actually started gagging during each bob of the head. 

 The gagging noises she was producing drove me crazy and pushed me over the edge in three minutes flat. Figuring she wouldn't mind a facial - seeing how she was blatantly submitting herself to me - I waited till the last possible moment to pull my cock out of her mouth and jack off in her face. Instead of objecting or even getting upset, she simply closed her eyes and took my goo in her stupid face like a real pro. When I was empty, I smacked my half-hard cock against her face a couple of times before stepping back and admiring the mess I had made. Chrystal picked up her bikini and stumbled out of the room, my fresh cum stinging in her eyes. So, there I was, on my knees, having just unloaded my balls, in front of my mother-in-law, the most annoying, stuck-up, egotistical bitch I knew. I hated her guts and the feeling was probably mutual, but even after two years, I still clearly lusted after her. I used some toilet paper from a nearby bathroom to clean up whatever cum I had spilled on the floor and then laid down on the bed, mulling things over. 

 I wondered if I was doing the right thing by leaving; after all, if I decided to stay, my wife would be very, very grateful and with my mother-in-law apparently putting out as well, I had a unique opportunity here. But before I could make that decision I had to know if this had been a onetime thing or if Chrystal was up for some more unemotional, meaningless sex. I finished packing - figuring that would make for a stronger case with my wife - and put on some loose shorts, exploring the mansion for a while until my cock was ready to go again. 

 I found Chrystal by the pool, topless, working on her tan. She glanced over her mystery novel as she saw me walking towards her. There was no time for subtlety, I had to make sure she'd be a willing slut if I was going to stay and put up with her jerk of a husband. I walked over to her sun tanning bed, sat down beside her and immediately put a hand on her tit, cupping it. She glanced at me briefly, but didn't object. I wobbled her tit up and down, slowly and gently at first, but in the end quite roughly and obscenely. Still she kept reading, so far so good. I reached out with both hands and mauled her tits for a second, then grabbed both nipples between my fingers and tugged at them mildly. I felt them become erect as I pulled harder and harder. Although her face contorted with discomfort and lust - while she idly stared at her book - she still didn't object; this was looking good! 

 I let go of her tits and slid one hand down to her crotch, worked my middle and index fingers into her bikini bottoms and wriggled them inside of her, fingering her wet pussy while she pretended to read. After fingering her quite roughly for a while without getting as much as a sign of acknowledgement - aside from some involuntary whimpers and moans - I smiled to myself and decided then and there that I was going to stay. I gently pulled my fingers out of her and got off the bed, undoing the knot that was holding up my shorts. As I was trying to decide which end I wanted to fuck, Chrystal surprised me by simply reaching up and sliding her hand up the right leg of my shorts, grabbing my half-hard cock and gently tugging at it. She didn't even look up from her book; she just pulled the foreskin of my cock back and used her index finger to stimulate my exposed cock head, getting me hard in no time at all. 

 Once my cock was fully erect and throbbing, she pulled my shorts down and started jacking it loosely in her fist - still not taking her eyes off her book. When she had to flip a page, she put the book down on her lap, flipped the page and picked up her book again, all with her free hand. It was the most detached handjob I had ever seen. At first, I didn't think she'd be able to finish me off, but she was surprisingly skilled! When I realized I was going to cum, I decided not to say anything; if she wanted to give me the silent treatment, I would do the same to her, I figured. Alas, she seemed to know exactly when I was cumming. Although I didn't grunt, moan or move in any way, she moved her book up to my cock just as my cum was rushing up my fat shaft. 

 As she stared at my cock, she furiously jacked out my load, getting it all over the open pages of her book. To my surprise, she closed it as soon as she had squeezed out the last of my cum and got up, putting on her bikini top. As I watched her leave, I caught myself looking at her ass sashaying away from me. I stuffed my cock back into my shorts and laid down on one of the sun beds, several meters away from where she'd been sitting. With my balls drained twice in the last two hours, I drifted off to sleep very quickly. 

 When I woke up, I looked at my watch. It was past 6pm and there was no sign of either Bill nor my wife; just Chrystal, sitting at the outdoor dinner table. Figuring Susan and her dad had decided to have dinner in town, I got up and stumbled over to the table. As my eyes focused for the first time on the dinner setting, I suddenly realized two things: one, Chrystal had already finished eating - she hadn't even had the decency to wait for me. And two, which made me forget all about the first thing, she wasn't wearing her bikini top anymore. Her perfect globes stared at me from across the table. I knew there was no point in trying to make conversation, so I just started filling my plate with some grilled meat and vegetables. She simply looked at me and sipped from her glass of red wine. 

 Suddenly, before I had even taken a bite, Chrystal got up, pulled down her bikini bottoms and walked over to my side of the table. She put her left foot on the edge of it, inches from my plate so that her trimmed cunt was now staring me in the face. I didn't hesitate and bent my head down, pressing my face against her pussy and started licking her. The first ten to twenty seconds, all I could smell were scented oils, but once she started getting wet and her juices started flowing, her own scent started to overpower the flowery smell and my nostrils filled themselves with her pheromones. This caused me to really dive in and eat her out with even greater zeal. I licked, lapped and tongue-fucked her cunt for what seemed like ten minutes or more. Without warning, she suddenly put her foot down and walked back to her seat, pouring herself another glass of wine, clearly frustrated and in desperate need of a sexual climax. After briefly sipping from her glass, she put it down and ran both hands through her hair, clearly very horny! 

 After playing with her hair for a little while, her hands began to descend; first to her shoulders, then to her breasts, her tummy and finally towards her crotch. Seeing her hands caress and play with her body like that, right in front of me, aroused me immensely and gave me another huge erection. After teasing herself - and me - for several more minutes, Chrystal stuck two fingers up her twat and started fingering herself passionately, her free hand still wandering over her sensitive skin, caressing herself anywhere and everywhere. About three or four minutes later, she climbed onto the table, getting on her knees, without taking her fingers out of her pussy. Using her free hand and both knees, she cleared a path across the table, pushing a salad bowl, a bread basket, my plate, my glass and some cutlery onto the floor. 

 As she sat there, right on the edge of the table, as close to my seat as possible, she started masturbating feverishly, without any sign of shyness. The lust radiating from her, as well as her self-confidence - bordering on arrogance - were driving me crazy and made me eager to submit myself to her. I slid off my chair onto my knees and presented my face as close to her pussy as I could. As she looked down at me with contempt - feigned or not - I whipped out my hard cock and started jacking off in anticipation of what I was going to let her do to me. She diddled her clit and fingered her cunt for another minute or five, before convulsing and squirting right in my face, multiple times, over and over again. I am a bit ashamed to admit that this vile act made me cum harder than I had cum in a very long time. I shot several large ropes of thick cum across the terrace tiles as Chrystal soaked a large part of my face. 

 Because of our relative positions and the fact that I hadn't moaned or grunted during my own climax, there was no way for her to know whether I had cum or not. Yet, as soon as her orgasm was over, she just hopped off the table, grabbed both parts of her bikini and walked off, heading inside. She just left me there, not caring whether I had derived any pleasure or relief from her little performance. After zipping up and taking my seat again, I used Chrystal's plate and glass - after licking her twat and getting sprayed in the face by her, it seemed like a small step - as mine lay shattered on the terrace floor. It felt strange, but not unpleasant, to have dinner by myself; it was very relaxing. After finishing whatever was left of the wine and leaving everything exactly where it was - the broken glass and plate, the shattered bowl, the bread basket, the food and my cum - I got up and headed for my room, assuming one of their servants would take care of our mess. 

 I figured I'd talk to Susan when she got back, but apparently shooting my load three times had taken more energy out of me than I had anticipated. I fell asleep almost as soon as my head touched my pillow. When I opened my eyes the following morning, I was nearly 10am. Susan's side of the bed had been slept in, but was empty, except for a note, saying that she was going down for breakfast and that she loved me. I smiled down at my cock, realizing this was going to be a great day. I put on some shorts and a t-shirt and headed down the endless hallways and corridors to find my wife or the breakfast table, whichever I would come across first.  

 

 ****** Inappropriate Ch. 02 ****** bysex4every1© As I approached the kitchen, I noticed Chrystal standing at the kitchen island waiting for her toast to pop. She was wearing a purple bikini set and a white, vintage, crochet bolero jacket. Glancing through one of the windows in the hallway, leading up to the kitchen, I noticed Susan and her father sitting outside, having breakfast. Apparently I was the last one to wake up. When she saw me heading towards the kitchen, Chrystal quickly put her plate down and walked around the island towards me. Just before I was about to step into view of Susan and her father, the bitch cupped my crotch as she passed me by. 

 "Good morning," I whispered, pleasantly surprised. 

 She didn't say a word and simply headed for the stairs at the end of the hallway. I hesitated for just a second before turning and following her. As she climbed the stairs, she took off her white bolero and let it slide off her arms; it landed half on the top step of the stairs, half on the first floor landing. I then followed her down the west corridor, where she unhooked her bikini top and threw it against a painting she passed by. At the end of that corridor, she took a left and headed down another, more narrow corridor. There she stepped out of her bikini bottoms and continued her route, which only took another three seconds. Our destination was apparently a remote seating area, snobbishly and exclusively decorated with furniture far too expensive to ever use. Some of it was still covered with sheets. 

 As I gawked around, looking at all the extravagant cabinets, chairs and paintings, Chrystal walked towards the far corner of the room and picked up a large painting, not much smaller than herself. It was an oil painting of her husband, Bill - a pretty accurate one too - looking straight in front of him, with a typical aristocratic look on his face. I could see why she hadn't hung it up yet. She grabbed the golden frame, encompassing the painting, with both hands and carried it to the center of the room, where she laid it down on the thick Eastern carpet, facing upwards. With her back to me, she kicked off her slippers and kneeled down on the painting, getting on all fours, hanging her head submissively down right above Bill's face. 

 "What the fuck?" I thought to myself. This was some freaky shit, but my huge erection would not be denied. I quickly took off my shorts and boxers and got on my knees behind her, my knees just outside the golden frame. As I got into position, stroking my fat cock a few times, Chrystal hovered her face even closer to the painting, staring her husband in his painted eyes as she reached back with her right hand between her legs and blocked her cunt with it. Realizing what she wanted, I put the tip of my cock against her asshole and leaned forward, softly stretching her asshole until it could accommodate me. As I entered her, she pulled her hand away from her cunt and placed it next to her husband's head. 

 "You fucking cunt," I whispered as I began to fuck her. Without any lube, it was tough and probably rather uncomfortable for her; but hey, if this was what she wanted - to get buggered in her overpriced living room, on top of a painting of her husband, by her son-in-law who hated her guts - then that's exactly what she was going to get. I took me nearly a whole minute to stuff enough of my dick up her ass to be able to bang her properly, but she took it like a real pro - screaming and squealing at the painting. I couldn't believe what a whore she was, and for me of all people! I tried to hold back for as long as I could, believe me, I wanted nothing more than to keep fucking that stuck-up bitch up her ass, but after just three minutes, it was all over. I convulsed violently as I pumped my sperm up her ass. She squealed extra hard during my final thrusts and laid down flat on her stomach, her face right on top of Bill's once I had pulled out of her. I got on my back on the carpet and relaxed, enjoying the aftermath of my fantastic orgasm. After a minute or so, I said, "After breakfast, I want you to take your husband for a walk so I can fuck the shit out of my wife, understood?" 

 She didn't reply, took her slippers and walked out, probably retracing her steps and putting her clothes - she had shedded so slutty and casually - back on. As I wanted to give her a head start of a few minutes, I took my time looking at the painting we had just defiled; her clammy hands and knees had left some minor smudges and there were several droplets of cum at the bottom, probably from when I pulled out of her. I smiled and headed down, finally reaching the breakfast table. I gave my wife a kiss on the cheek and started eating, I was positively famished. As now both Chrystal and Bill ignored me and Susan didn't want to talk to either one of them in my presence - it was her way of supporting me - all conversation grinded to an awkward halt in a matter of seconds. I didn't care one little bit, on the contrary; this suited my purpose perfectly! 

 When everyone had finished eating, Chrystal asked her husband to take a stroll through the vines, as I had ordered her to. A tad reluctant he agreed and so, after putting on her ridiculous hat and her sunglasses, Chrystal and Bill walked off, heading towards the vines. As soon as her parents were out of sight, Susan looked over at me and whispered, "I missed you last night... and this morning." 

 I looked at her and said, "I know how much this trip means to you, so... how grateful would you be if I decided to stay till the end of the week, just as a favor to you?" 

 "Really?" she asked, her eyes lighting up. 

 "I'll even apologize to your father, if you make it worth my while," I smiled. 

 She smiled back, slowly reached into my boxers and asked, "Are you serious?" 

 "That depends on your offer," I grinned. 

 "Well mister, if you're serious about apologizing to my father although he was clearly in the wrong, that would prove to me that you're the bigger man... and you know how much I like big men," she giggled as she fished out my growing erection. 

 "I suppose I would have to be a complete slut for you," she said as she lowered her head towards my cock. 

 "Susan wait," I tried to stop her, remembering where my cock had been not forty minutes ago, "I haven't washed down there yet." 

 "I don't care," she whispered as she continued lowering her head and sniffed my cock and balls, making sure she knew what she was getting herself into. 

 "Hmmm," she said, appraising the situation for a second or two. Then, still not sure, she engulfed my small dick with her eager mouth and swirled her tongue around it for about five seconds. 

 Then, she lifted her head, still looking down and said, "Interesting smell, the taste is not that bad!" and with that, she engulfed my cock again and started sucking it for real this time. 

 The fact that she was cleaning her mother's ass juices off my cock gave me huge, fucking boner. She moaned enthusiastically as she felt my cock grow in her mouth until she could hardly fit in there anymore. After going down on me like a hoover for a couple of minutes, she poked her head up and said, as she energetically stroked my cock, "Tell me what to do and I'll do it!" 

 "I wanna fuck you up the ass... in your parents bed," I blurted out. 

 For a few seconds, she didn't speak or move - not even to jack me off. For a moment, I was afraid she was going to jump up angry and leave me there with my massive boner. Which wouldn't have been the end of the world, as her slut of a mother would gladly haven taken her place upon her return. 

 But then my wife surprised me somewhat by saying, "Fine, let's go." 

 I got up and grabbed her hand, letting her lead me inside, up the stairs to the first floor and down several corridors. 

 Suddenly she stopped and said, "I'll go get the lube, you go on ahead: take a left here and it's the third door on the right." 

 As Susan ran off, presumably to our bedroom to find some lube, I followed her instructions and entered her parents' bedroom. It was all I expected: big and full of grotesque, antique crap. The bed - although also antique - was fortunately pretty standard. 

 About a minute later, Susan walked in, closed the door and took off all her clothes in just a few seconds. 

 "You want me to suck it some more or are you good to go?" she asked bluntly. 

 "I am good to go," I said, jacking my cock and taking the lube from her. As she climbed onto the bed and waited for me on all fours, I stepped out of my clothes, rubbed some lube on my cock and got on the bed, positioning myself behind her. As I shoved it into her, she squealed and lowered her head into one of the pillows. With her muffled squealing filling the room and my cock plunging in and out of her slutty ass, I couldn't help but be astonished how much my wife acted, sounded and fucked like her mother. 

 Pretty soon her hands were going berserk over her clit, stimulating herself, desperate for a good orgasm. As always, getting fucked on all fours - especially up her ass - made her extremely nasty and slutty and so she molested her cunt and clit up to the point where she couldn't stand it any longer before allowing herself to cum. She convulsed so violently, bucking against her own fingers - lodged deep inside of her - that my lubed up cock slipped out of her asshole. She immediately turned onto her back and continued fingering herself as she was trying to prolong her tremendous orgasm for as long as possible. In the midst of her climax, I said, "I am going to cum on your face!" I wasn't asking permission, I was informing her! 

 Now Susan wasn't a big fan of ass-fucking - she would only let me do once or twice a year - but she passionately hated the whole concept of a facial. She was perfectly fine with getting cum on any other part of her body, but her face had always been off limits. For her, it was the ultimate humiliation a woman could endure. However, in this instant, she surprised me by not even trying to object. I quickly got into position next to her face and continued whacking my fat cock. 

 As her fingers were pistoning in and out of her sopping wet cunt, she looked at me and groaned, "I hope it's a big load [grunt]... I never let [grunt] you do this... [grunt] so make it count [grunt]... come on, give it to me [grunt]... right between my eyes [grunt]!" 

 After confirming my aim with a last glance, I exploded and shot a big, fat rope clear across her face; an uninterrupted ribbon of gooey cum from her left cheek to her right eye. As soon as my cum splattered against her skin, the little slut convulsed and started cumming. The first ribbon was immediately followed by another one, this one starting at her left eye - creaming it shut - and ending way up in her hair. After that, it was just a bunch of droplets flying everywhere. 

 As she felt my cum raining down on her, she reached the peak of her orgasm - trashing and shuddering - and shrieked, "Oh god, this is so disgusting... oooooooo... I am such a degenerate whore!" 

 "Yes, you are," I said as I squeezed out the last speck of cum, wiping it on the tip of her nose. 

 I laid down next to her as she continued sloppily fingering herself for another couple of minutes, my cum drying on her face. With her fingers still in her wet, little twat, she turned her head to face me and asked, "Did you like that?" 

 "I did," I smiled, "We should do this more often, you look amazing with cum on your face!" 

 She giggled and said, "Yeah, I bet I do." 

 After using the sheets to clean my cum off her face, she got up, picked up her clothes and said, "I am going to take a shower, care to join me?" 

 "Nah, I want to keep your smell on me," I replied as I got dressed as well. 

 "Suit yourself," she smiled as she walked out of the room. 

 I knew that, after an orgasm like this - or even multiple, who knows - Susan would be good to go for several days, if not a week. Under normal circumstances, I would maybe be able to get another hand- or blowjob out of her in a few days, but considering the unique situation, I was curious to see what kind of additional action her gratitude would get me. I looked at my watch as I headed downstairs; it was almost noon. I took off my shirt and jumped into the pool, relaxing for a few minutes, before starting to swim some laps. About twenty minutes later, Susan came down and laid down on one of the sunbeds. Having swum enough laps for the day, I dried off and laid down next to my wife. We talked a little bit, then Susan went for a dip while I made us a drink. 

 We were in the middle of a toast when Chrystal and Bill came back from their walk. I immediately got up and extensively apologized to Bill, blurting out all kinds of crap, meanwhile telling myself I was going to fuck the shit out the two most important women in his life. He shook my hand with a smug smile on his face and forgave all my sins with a few majestic words, acting like he was god himself. 

 While Bill went inside to pour himself and Chrystal a drink as well, Susan complimented me on being the bigger man and hugged me. While she was hugging me, I had clear shot at my mother-in-law who looked at me with a strange expression on her face, not just lust, but also - dare I say - a hint of respect. 

 While her daughter was hugging me and her husband was out of sight, she opened her legs and pulled her bikini bottoms to the side for a moment, giving me a straight shot at her beaver. When Bill returned with their drinks, Chrystal unexpectedly excused herself, saying she was going to lay down for a while. I knew she wanted me to follow her, but with Bill and I being best friends again, I was forced to listen to him ramble on for nearly ten minutes, before I had a chance to excuse myself too, claiming I had an upset stomach. I walked up the stairs and navigated the corridors looking for my mother-in-law. I found her in the same room I had defiled her in this morning. My mouth fell open in shock as I saw her standing there, wearing black, lace panties and a matching bra, dark brown, thigh high stockings and what were probably the most uncomfortable high heels I had ever seen. 

 She walked towards the painting - which was still where we had left it this morning - and kneeled down at the top half of it, her feet still on the carpet, her knees positioned on each side of Bill's smug face. After glancing down to confirm that her crotch was right above his face, she pulled her black panties aside with one hand and wriggled two fingers of her other hand up her twat, without any kind of foreplay. As she looked straight ahead, at nothing in particular, she started fingering herself fast and crude. Pretty soon, juicy sopping noises filled the room and as I gawked at what was probably the most fucked-up - but still erotic - performance I had ever seen in real life, I undid my pants and whipped out my hardening cock. Chrystal looked so sexy in her stimulating lingerie, yet so lewd for what she was doing to her husband's painting, that I found myself gasping for air within seconds after wrapping my fist around my tube. After a minute or so, I noticed her juices leaking down her hand, onto Bill's face - which was in, all likelihood, the purpose of this whole endeavor. 

 I stroked hard and fast as I watched her masturbate, her stunning body cladded in some slutty lingerie. Some four of five minutes later, I felt my balls contract and I knew, that if I wanted to please her, there was really only one place to shoot my load. So, without any hesitation, I got down on my knees on the painting, facing her and leaned on one hand as I jacked my cum out of my balls with the other, spraying all over Bill's painted body. I looked straight at her as I moaned and bucked, and I could actually see her smiling, as she glanced down at the mess I was making. When the last drop had dripped from my cock, I got off the painting and sat down on my ass on the carpet, leaning my back against one of the three sofas. Enticed and inspired by the mess I had made, Chrystal got up and placed her feet at the exact same spot where her knees had been. Because she was wearing very high and pointy heels, they pierced right through the canvas. With her fingers still deftly at work in her pussy, she squatted down, bringing her soggy cunt back to within an inch of the painting. 

 In this new, lewder position - spread open even wider than before - she leaked and squirted some more of her juices onto Bill's face. She knew she was making a big mess and she liked every second of it; so much even that she climaxed in that position, right in front of me. Placing her free hand on the golden frame for support, as so not the fall over, she quivered and squealed as she squirted freely all over the painting. When she was done abusing herself - not to mention the painting - she collapsed on the carpet, right next to the painting and breathed heavily for a few minutes. I just sat there, looking at her, gawking at her sexy lingerie while she recuperated. Eventually we both dozed off. 

 I was awakened abruptly from the sound of my wife's voice, calling out to me from somewhere in the house, "Honey?" 

 Then I heard Bill's voice, calling his wife, "Chrystal, where are you?" Chrystal and I both jumped up as I looked at my watch. We had been asleep for over two hours, no wonder they came looking! In a joint effort, we picked up the large, soiled and damaged painting and put it back against the wall - where it had been originally. As Chrystal covered it up with one of the sheets lying around, I hastily put on my clothes and waited for her, before heading for the door. Although there was only one way in and out of this room, I was not about to navigate the maze of corridors alone while two people were looking for me. After taking off her high heels, she walked out of the room and lead me down several corridors, before stopping abruptly as she noticed her daughter's - my wife's - voice coming closer. 

 She tapped my arm and entered one of the rooms we had just passed, closed the door behind us and took my hand, guiding me across the large unlit room towards another door, leading to another corridor. After turning the next corner, she pulled me into what appeared to be a broom closet, barely big enough to accommodate the both of us. Just seconds later, as we stood there in complete darkness, we could hear her husband's footsteps as he passed by, calling out for us. Suddenly Chrystal started squirming. At first, I thought she was leaning into something which was causing her discomfort, but after a few seconds, I realized she was unclasping her bra and taking it off. As I heard her husband's voice in one of the adjacent corridors, her bra fell to the ground and I could feel her reaching for her panties, pushing them down. As the space inside the closet was very limited, she had to raise and twist one leg at a time to be able to take them off completely. Then, just a few moments later, I heard squishy noises and realized she was playing with herself, again, probably already having two or three fingers up her twat. 

 As her musky scent quickly filled the entire broom closet, my dick started getting hard again and out of pure instinct, driven by lust, I leaned against the wall behind me and - realizing fully well it be virtually impossible to get back up again - slid down on my knees. I pressed my face against her bush and started licking her fingers as they pistoned in and out of her. She quickly pulled her fingers out the way and let me work, squirming against the opposite wall as she opened her legs a little wider. As I really dove in, my left hand started stroking her stockings, from the elastic band at the top all the way down to her sexy feet, while I used the right one to whip out my cock. I lapped at her cunt like a dehydrated dog for several minutes, while jacking off like an oversexed teenager.  

 

 ****** Inappropriate Ch. 02 ****** bysex4every1© Suddenly, without any warning, Chrystal leaned towards the door and opened it. Still not speaking to me, she squirmed and wriggled out from between me and the wall and stumbled out. Curious as to what she was up to now, I wiped my mouth with my hand and staggered to my feet, stuffing my hard dick back in my boxers. After closing the closet behind us, leaving her bra, panties and high heels behind, she led me through several more rooms and corridors, towards a more familiar part of the mansion: the guest room where Susan and I slept. As we heard Susan and her father calling out to us in the distance, far enough to be safe for quite a while, Chrystal laid down on top of the bed, spreading her legs high and wide as she looked at me. Normally, I would have jumped her and fucked the shit of her without hesitation, but the fact that she was lying where my wife and I slept, caused some minor uneasiness. 

 Chrystal, apparently in a hurry, became slightly annoyed by my - three seconds of - inaction and jumped up from the bed, walking into the adjoining bathroom. After rummaging through our pile of dirty laundry for a few moments, she walked back out, holding a pair of my wife's panties and a bra and started putting them on. I couldn't believe what I was seeing: god, she was such a whore! So desperate for another fuck that she put on her daughter's worn underwear. I loved it! 

 Needless to say that that sealed the deal for me, and for my cock, which was about to climb out of my boxers on its own if I didn't release it soon. As Chrystal laid down on the bed again, dressed in my wife's underwear, in the same whory pose as before, I walked up to the bed, stepping out of my shorts and boxers. I kneeled in between her legs, pulled my wife's panties out of the way and rammed my enormously hard dick in her whory twat. As soon as I was in, I grabbed her legs and started hammering away, pounding into her with such force, that she had to push off against the head board with both hands if she didn't want to end up with a headache. This was exactly the kind of fucking she was after! 

 Several minutes into the fuck, she started bucking and trashing wildly, making it more difficult for me to keep fucking her at a normal pace. But she was also getting pretty loud, so I had to stuff a pillow in her face to stifle her squealing as I kept her down with both hands while I rammed my cock in and out of her. As I had already shot several loads today and because Chrystal had started climaxing so soon into the fuck, I was able to keep going for quite some time, drilling her through several powerful orgasms. Her convulsions flared up and died down with the coming and going of each one, but her screaming and squealing continued. If it hadn't been for the pillow absorbing most of it, Bill and Susan would have had no trouble locating us. As the minutes past, Chrystal became less energetic and less loud as she was burning through her available energy pretty fast. 

 By the time I was ready to cum, her vigorous bucking and trashing had weakened to some minor coiling and curving, and her screaming had been reduced to a more acceptable level. She was positively exhausted and probably going to pass out if I kept going for a few more minutes. Having no interest in fucking an unconscious cunt - not even this one - I pressed my head into her rack and sniffed my wife's bra. That gave me the extra incentive I needed to shoot my fuck cream deep in Chrystal's ravaged hole. To my surprise, she ran her hand through my hair as I convulsed on top of her, pressing my face deeper into her tits, inhaling even more of my wife's scent. 

 As I laid there on top of her, catching my breath and pretty proud of myself, I started thinking on how we were going to get out of this. Chrystal was as good as naked and nowhere near any of her clothes, my wife and my father-in-law were looking for us and the room my wife and I slept in now reeked of raunchy sex. But on the other hand, if I could overcome these minor obstacles, there were still a couple of days of wild sex ahead of me. Maybe I could even get another screw out of my wife... 

 No paintings were harmed during the actual writing of this story. Report_Story 
