#1 

 

 ****** Joyce &amp; Me ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© The other day as I was driving home from work I happened to tune in to a local radio talk station and they were carrying the Don and Mike Show from station WJFK somewhere back east. The show was in the middle of a feature they call "Things You Did That Your Mother Doesn't Know About." Listeners are encouraged to call in to the show and relate and episode from their past that their mother never found out about. Don and Mike then pick the story that they find most interesting and arrange an 'on the air' phone call between the listener and the listener's mother so the listener can confess. The listener then gets a $200 prize. Listening to the show reminded me of something that I did that my mother never knew about (thank God) even though she played a major part in it. 

 I was still a virgin at the tender age of sixteen - a condition that I desperately wanted to change. Just before my eighteenth birthday my nineteen- year-old brother, Buddy, asked me what I would like for a birthday gift. I jokingly told him that I wanted to lose my virginity and he laughed and said, "Sorry. I'm not a pimp so I can't help you there." The weekend following my birthday Buddy asked me if I would help him move some furniture for a friend and having nothing better to do I said I would. Just before I was supposed to leave with Buddy my mother asked me if I would go over to her best friend Joyce's house and pick up her two kids. She was going to baby-sit them for Joyce. 

 I never hesitated when it came to a chance to see Joyce. Even though she was an ancient thirty-six she was still the sexiest woman that I had ever seen. When I got to Joyce's she kissed me on the cheek and wished me a Happy Birthday and then she loaded me down with diaper bags, overnight cases and toys, and I took the kids back to my house and dropped them off. Buddy and I then took off to go and move his friend's furniture. Try to imagine my surprise and confusion when we arrived back at Joyce's. We went inside and there, sitting on her couch, wearing nothing but nylons, garter-belt, high heels and a ribbon with a big bow on it around her waist, was Joyce. She got up and with a great big smile on her face she walked over to me and said, "I hope you like your birthday present. To unwrap it just pull on the bow." Buddy said he would be back in five or six hours and he left us. 

 For the next six hours Joyce saw to my sexual education. First, saying that as a virgin my first cum would be too quick in coming and that we should just hurry up and get it out of the way, she gave me a hand job. Then she gave me my first blow-job to get me hard again and my second cum was about as quick as the first. She did not expect it as soon as it arrived, and as I had not yet learned any sexual etiquette, I didn't warn her I was going to cum so she ended up taking my second load down her throat (not that it mattered - she loved to suck cock and swallow cum). She kept sucking my cock until it got hard for the third time and then she took me upstairs and into her bedroom where she relieved me of the odious burden of my virginity. Joyce taught me a lot that day. She taught me how to properly caress a woman's breasts and how to suck them and lick them the way most women want it done; she taught me which parts of a woman's body were most sensitive and how to make use of those places to heat a women up to a fever pitch; she taught me how to eat pussy ( and I found out that I loved it) and, most importantly, as I was to find out later in life, she taught me to go slow - go slow, and be gentle. 

 I came seven times before Buddy came back to pick me up, but the evening wasn't over yet. Joyce helped Buddy undress, and then while I sat there and watched, she sucked his cock and then fucked him. After several minutes Joyce called me over and had me put my cock in her mouth and she gave me head while Buddy pounded away. Buddy emptied his load into her and Joyce had me take his place. As I was fucking her Buddy moved to put his cock in her mouth, but she said no, that we had to finish so she could go pick up her kids at my mom's. 

 As we were driving home I naturally asked Buddy about his relationship with Joyce and how he arranged for me to lose my cherry. Buddy laughed and asked me if I'd felt like there was a presence in the bedroom when I was in there with Joyce. I shook my head no and he laughed again. Joyce had called mom one day and had asked her if she could borrow Buddy for a few hours to move some furniture. Mom had asked Buddy and he'd said ok and had gone over to Joyce's. He had helped her move two pieces of bedroom furniture and then Joyce had turned to him and said, "We need to check out the bed and see if it is in the right place" and she had stripped in front of him. She then walked over to him and started to unbuckle his belt. She had undressed him and led him to the bed and they had been fucking ever since. When they had finished that first time and Buddy was dressed and ready to leave Joyce had told him to see himself out that she was going to take a shower. Buddy was at the front door when he remembered something he wanted to ask her and he had gone back up the stairs and was just in time to see Joyce's husband come out of the closet. He rushed over to Joyce who was lying on the bed with her legs spread wide. Buddy had quietly backed away and left. 

 "You mean?" I started to say. 

 "You bet, Little Brother, however long you were in that bedroom you can bet you were being watched. Anyway, last weekend when Joyce and I were together I laughingly told her about your birthday wish. Joyce asked me if I thought you could keep your mouth shut if she were to grant your birthday wish. I told her I was pretty sure you would, especially if there was a chance of a return engagement." 

 We had been home about twenty minutes when the doorbell rang. It was Joyce, there to pick up her kids. She thanked my mother who said, "No problem honey, anytime. They were little angels." 

 For the next four years, until I moved to Colorado, Joyce kept me a very content young man. When I was almost nineteen her husband came out of the closet and became an active participant. Both he and Joyce were surprised to find out that Buddy and I knew all along that he had been watching. Eighty percent of the time I spent enjoying what Joyce had to offer my mother was babysitting the kids. Am I going to call Don and Mike and tell them about what my mother doesn't know? Not hardly! Not in this lifetime. Report_Story 
