#1 

 

 ****** What To Do When Lacey Is Out ****** byNonStopFunGuy© With my heart breaking that I would get home too late to see my daughter before she left on her fuck date tonight, I almost jumped out of my car before I even shut the engine off. Four leaps later I was standing at the front door, fumbling with my keys, hoping Lacey would still be home. Naturally I couldn't isolate the house key right away then I put it in backwards, but eventually I got it into the lock and twisted -- and found it was unlocked. Damn, well, at least Lacey was still home. 

 Taking a breath, I pushed the door open and stepped inside. The living room was dimly lit by a single lamp against the far wall, like it would be if my 19 year old had already left, but I spied light in the hallway across the room cast from the bathroom. Dropping my keys on the foyer table, I straightened myself up and tried not to look too desperate while I casually strolled down the hall. 

 "That you, Daddy?" came the squeaky-high, sweet melodic voice of my only daughter and family member. It was from the bathroom. 

 Poking my head inside, I spied my petite, slender daughter leaning against the countertop, looking into the mirror while she was applying makeup -- eyeliner, at the moment, but an open tube of lipstick and a jar of mascara sat in front of her next to the sink. My eyes moved from her pretty, small face in the mirror to her backside and her exquisite little ass, tightly wrapped in her low-rise jeans. Those two palm-sized buttcheeks poked out, her asscrack turned into a miniature valley from the ultra-tight fabric of the jeans. Around her hips and above the top edge of the jeans rose opposing black strings of her thong, arching high to expose themselves. I recognized the distinctive thin strings, knowing it was a new miniscule thong I picked up for her earlier in the week which barely covered only her bald cuntlips. Her date was going to go ga-ga when he saw it later tonight. 

 Above her low-rise jeans, my curly, long-haired blonde daughter was wearing a somewhat conservative (for her and my tastes, anyway) two-piece top. She had a light-blue blouse that, I could tell from her reflection in the mirror, was unbuttoned and merely tied around her chest just below her ribcage. Her de minimis 20-inch waist and soft flat tummy would be completely exposed between the tied-up blouse and her low-rise jeans. Under the blouse, so that her B-cups wouldn't be left out in public, she had a pale pink strapless tube top. Undoubtedly, with the blouse off, her hard teenage nipples were going to be poking out of it. Very sexy. 

 She could see, in the reflection, her father's eyes roving her ass and body. It drew a soft smile from her, while she continued to apply her makeup carefully. "You get stuck at the office, Daddy?" 

 "Yeah," I groaned, in part from how fucking delicious Lacey looked and in part from the bullshit that kept me away from her for the last hour. "That fucking client in Oregon called, what the fuck does he care that it's three hours later out here and some of us wanna get home on a Friday night?" My eyes went right back to my daughter's small ass sticking out as she leaned forward. My cock was growing quite hard in my pants, what with her hot body in front of me and me knowing what she'd be doing tonight. "At least I got home in time to see you off, how late do you think you'll be, overnight?" I had an instinct to reach over and grab my crotch, to straighten out my hardening penis, but it kind of felt good wedged at an angle in my underwear as it became engorged. The pressure of it stretching the fabric of my clothing served me for the moment. 

 Lacey smiled softly, while her eyes were staring at her reflection as the last stroke of eyeliner curved around her big brown orb. "I don't think so, Charlie's married and told her he's going to the Pistons game, so he has to get back like a couple of hours after it ends." 

 Her sexy explanation drew a chuckle from her perverted father, as I pictured her and some married stud fucking on a motel bedroom while they watched a basketball game to wait for it to end, and so he could at least pretend he knew what happened in the game. But I also felt sorry for the guy, knowing he had to limit his time with a hot fuck like Lacey because of some stupid wife who can't give him what my unbelievably slutty daughter Lacey can. You know, I felt like a prick ten years ago when Lacey's mom left me for her therapist, but I got to tell you, the silver lining I couldn't know about back then was the ability to stick my dick into the hottest teenager on the planet night after night, for about a year running now. Unlike her date "Charlie," if Lacey is home with me, we fuck until morning. 

 Somehow my eyes, locked onto her tight ass, caught Lacey looking at me through the mirror. That twinkle in her eye and wrinkle in her smile gave away some naughty idea in her head that she knew would arouse her father's taboo lust. "Besides, Daddy, I'm going to meet my friend Joey tomorrow afternoon, and I don't, you know, want to get all stretched out and all." Then she winked, because she knew I knew all of the details to understand the context of her comment. Joey, one of her adult fuck friends; "meet" means, get laid; and "stretched out" means getting fucked so hard for so long that she's too sore to put on a good performance any more. 

 All these thoughts of Lacey getting boned tonight and then tomorrow afternoon were definitely having their intended effect on me -- my penis was now really stiff in my underwear and slacks. Standing against the doorframe of the bathroom, I was picturing some married cock entering Lacey's hairless shaved slit from behind her stellar small butt. I love that look in Lacey's eyes when she's getting drilled seven or eight inches deep, and her little chin and lower lip start trembling as her orgasm approaches, until she's squealing at the top of her lungs. It might not be my cock doing it to her for the next 24 hours or so, but it didn't matter, I was so horny that she was going to have scrumptious sexual fun. Talking about the details with her only made me harder, too. In a slow, casual drawl, I asked in a completely natural tone about her upcoming date. "So -- this guy you're dating tonight, Charlie -- he's the guy you said last week saw one of your online cumfuckme ads?" Lacey maintained three or four ads on online dating services, most of them written with the help of her doting daddy, which regularly solicited responses from horny dicks in our area looking for a young slut to bang for a night. She'd had about five or six of these dates in the past, and a couple of the guys were now pretty regular dates for her. She even brought one by a couple months ago for Daddy to meet, although of course I pretended I had no idea he was sticking it to her. 

 My daughter put down her eyeliner and grabbed her brush, and stroked her long curly flocks a few times to give them more body. "Yeah, he found me that way, we talked on the phone already a few times. He has a GREAT dick, Daddy, he showed me pictures and a webcam movie of it, it's like HUGE." 

 Her father was all ears at hearing that, but I assumed no less, since she had her pick of just about anyone to fuck and pretty much wasn't going to waist her time on a cock smaller than 7 inches. Unless the guy is fucking rich, like the prick who took her to Cancun last spring for a week. I could see her watching my reaction through the mirror, seeing the information sink into Daddy's brain, as I absorbed visual images of a fat married cock fucking my daughter. She was playing with me, getting me aroused with the concept of what she was going to do, it was almost like she fucked other men just to make her father horny. Although obviously that's just stupid, I like to infatuate myself with the belief that my reaction to her fucking around is at least a small part of the reason she's such a slut. 

 Lacey enjoyed being the tramp with a full-disclosure policy, I could even see her slender ass wiggling a bit as she made herself wet inside her tiny thong while telling her father about her upcoming date. "And Daddy, we aren't going on a 'date,' we're just going to a motel to fuck." 

 Oh, that got my erection twice as hard in about the span of one heartbeat. Which is ironic, because my heart skipped a beat as I became almost dizzy with excitement at the idea. "Is that right, Lacey? You sure you like him enough to just strip and get it on?" 

 She nodded at me enthusiastically. "Fuck yeah, we were on the phone like a couple of hours the other day, getting each other all bothered up, and he's really hot for me." Finished with dolling herself, she collected her small array of makeup and stuffed it into a tiny purse. Lacking sufficient room, I watched her smile as she fished out something already in the purse, which she discarded on the countertop. "Won't need these," she giggled as she pushed a small unopened box of condoms away from her, so they were in my view, "He's married." 

 Naked thick male cock cumming inside my horny daughter . . . wonderful thought, I was thinking as I stood there simmering in my lust. 

 A honk from our driveway interrupted my train of thought. Shit, that must be the man here to fuck my daughter, I moaned to myself. Indeed it was, Lacey stood upright and took one last look at her face and hair. Beautiful; with her exquisite thin features and soft lips, she didn't need many layers of makeup to look gorgeous. But subtle shadows and the smudge-proof lipstick made her look a little more grown up than she was. Her slender body was delicious in the blouse/tube top combo over the tight low-rise jeans. 

 My blonde 120-pound daughter zipped up her purse and pulled its long, thin strap over her shoulder, as she moved into the hallway. Her hand intentionally reached out, tracing a soft path across my aching cock as she slipped past. "That's him, Daddy, gotta be going." She knew I would follow her to the doorway, which I did, making sure I was out of sight from anyone in a car in the driveway. My eyes kept staring at her small butt, until she was standing at the front door opening it a crack to peer outside. "Yeah, I gotta go now." 

 I was a couple feet away and didn't offer a hug or kiss; I just winked and pointed in the general direction of the car outside. "Go get laid, young lady." 

 Lacey's skimpy, plucked eyebrows furled down and her nose wrinkled while a big smile revealed her glistening-white big teeth. "See ya later, pops." And with that, she disappeared outside, the door closing her off from me for a few hours. 

 I couldn't help myself, I quickly slipped to the front windows and spied out of the corner. My penis was so fucking hard, I couldn't help but reach down and start rubbing it. I could tell my underwear was already damp with precum leaking out of my hard shaft, and my balls were feeling constrained. Consistent with past practice, I was going to be going downstairs to the window-less TV room to watch porn, or maybe go play online or something, and get my cock off a few times tonight. Lacey's fuckdates made me so aroused I usually had as hard a cum from them as when I do actually fucking her myself. I know it sounds weird, it's just how her daddy is wired. 

 The guy had a nice ride, a Lincoln LS. Not a huge car but pricey; a good car for a successful father. One who, tonight, was going to cheat like a banshee on his wife. Lacey's slender figure strolled down the driveway and, without pausing, climbed into the passenger seat. It was already dark outside and the street lights didn't provide too much illumination, so I could only barely see the figures inside the car. The car sat there, not moving, and I started wondering if the sex was already happening that fast. I had a flash of an idea that it would pull into the driveway for a few hours, and I got hot at the thought Lacey would be getting fucked in the driveway while I was inside watching the car rock back and forth. But that wasn't going to be, and after a few seconds -- I am not sure how long, my brain was racing -- the car slowly pulled away down the street. 

 Well, Lacey was off to get fucked, again. 

 My stomach rumbled for attention, but my cock was begging to get off too. I had half a mind to just go downstairs and watch some porn, but it might be four hours before I come up again to eat. Better to get something quick and go fuck myself in a few minutes. So, trying to ignore all of the sexy thoughts buzzing between my ears, I forced myself to turn and head for the kitchen for a little while. 

 * * * * * * * * * * * 

 Lacey had to put her hand up to her mouth, to wipe away the messy saliva dribbling out the corners of her lips as she sat back in the nice car's leather seat. Charlie's mouth tasted sexy, some clean-smelling combination of mouthwash and toothpaste mixed his natural manly scent. The few seconds his tongue had been down her throat, wrapped around her tongue, she could tell how horny he was to fuck her. The kiss upon her entrance into the car wasn't some timid, nice-to-meet-you kiss. It was an I-want-to-fuck-you kiss, of a man who a couple days earlier on the phone told her how hard he was going to stuff her cunt tonight. 

 She curled her legs underneath herself, sitting up higher in the car, so she could turn and face him while she leaned back against the door a bit. Already she felt her nipples stretching the tight thin fabric of her tubetop, and inside her jeans, her vagina was aching for attention. The man's pictures hadn't lied about him. He was tall, definitely over 6 foot, with slender shoulders but a very athletic physique. She'd already seen his handsome face and had no problem with the idea she'd be staring at it all night. He had a knit shirt and pressed slacks, very casual, but it was his air of confidence and experience that was the most attractive. Ever since they first started exchanging emails and talking, he wasn't like, wow I want to fuck you; it was, more like, you and I would really enjoy each other. That note sounded perfectly with Lacey, who wasn't doing this as a charity event for some guy stuck in a sexless marriage. This was about, well, fun, two people having a great time. 

 Her eyes having ravaged his body for a split second, Lacey grinned up at him as he was driving. "So, your wife has no fuckin' clue?" 

 The 30-something year old turned his face to grin at her devilishly. "No fuckin' clue, Lacey." His hand left the steering wheel to reach out for a moment and rest on her knee, giving her a reassuring squeeze. Then he gunned the car into the main thoroughfare, paying attention to traffic a couple of seconds, before looking back at the young woman sitting next to him. "You said you've been to the Motel Belle Aira? I got a room there, if that's, you know, okay with you." 

 Lacey smiled at the two memories of her prior visits to that particular motel, knowing this third one would be equivalent. "Yeah, it's fine, I mean it's clean and all and not far away -- do you have a key already?" 

 He reached into his shirt pocket and retrieved a motel key, holding it out to show her. She giggled that he was so prepared. 

 "Hot," was all she said back, happy there were no further arrangements necessary for the night to begin. 

 As the car raced through town, Charlie kept glancing over at her, clearly taken by how sexy she was, and at the reality of actually having this horny young woman next to him. Lacey could see the relief in his eyes, relaxing now that they were finally together. "Lacey," he offered with a husky tone, "you are unbelievably gorgeous, I can't get over how adorable and sexy you are." 

 She blushed, not intentionally, and even felt a tingle shoot up her spine. "Wow, thanks -- you are sooo sexy too, baby, I can't believe your wife lets you out of the house alone!" 

 His response was a hearty laugh. "And I can't believe your father lets you out alone!" 

 Lacey laughed back at that, for reasons he'd never know. 

 A couple of seconds of silence followed, as he looked around to drive past traffic, then he winked at her again. "I've hardly breathed since last time we talked on the phone. Work went so fucking slow today. Then I got the room on the way home from work, and the whole time at dinner, I was having this living nightmare that someone would find the key hidden in the car." 

 "Well, this is no nightmare," the young woman soothed with a purr, "it's gonna happen, it's gonna be one good time, baby, all just for you." Lacey loved making married men feel treated and special, she knew it was one of the extra pleasures they experienced that single men didn't when they fucked her. 

 Obviously, he still wasn't entirely believing it. "You, uh, sure you don't want to go get a drink, or see a movie, or something? I know you knew what I look like, but, I mean, I don't want to pressure you or anything--" 

 "Oh, no, baby," the girl giggled, because his response was fairly typical of married men picking her up for the first time, "I'm good, if you just want to go back to the room, then let's just go." She waited for emphasis and added, "Let's just go and fuck." 

 He immediately turned to her and grinned, and his eyes looked at her chest then her crotch of her low-rise jeans. "You got a rule of how long you need to wear those after meeting a date?" 

 Lacey found the question adorable; he was not only respecting her lines, but he was suggesting his cock was ready to fuck her right now. "Baby, you can strip 'em off as soon as the door closes, I can't wait to get naked -- with YOU." She saw him nod in agreement and even snicker, which made her pussy moisten a little bit more. "And, ok, let's not call this a date? Cuz, to me, it's not a date, that's like the movies and dinner and shit. This is just you and me having fun." 

 "Okay then," the man agreed, "it's not a date. It's a -- what -- a naked get- together?" 

 "Mmm!" She let out a cackle. "Yeah -- more like a, hot to trot, no limits, fuck over and over sweaty naked get-together!" 

 He let out his own little purr now. "Sound fuckin' good to me, baby, fuckin' good." His eyes were looking out the car window to drive, but every chance he could he glanced over to her. "So tell me, honey, how long has it been since you had a good fucking? I mean from some hot cock, not your fingers." 

 The girl tossed her curly blonde flocks over her shoulder and shrugged, at first having to think of the truthful answer but then thinking of what to actually say. Daddy drilled her last night, actually, the last few nights; but she'd just pretend she didn't have that part of her sex life. "Uh, well, a weekend ago, I mean, not this last one, the one before that -- I kinda had a get-together with a guy I know." 

 "Yeah?" The driver of the hot car snickered. "A get-together, huh, was the guy your age or my age." 

 Lacey laughed, because except for very rare occasions, there never was a guy her age in her sex life. "Older than me, like late 20s -- he's like you, married, doesn't get enough at home, got a nice penis that cums a lot, he's fun." She smiled at herself while watching the man's face, to see his reaction; some guys would get so jealous they didn't want to hear details, even if they were getting it from her too. Other guys just liked hearing that she's easy, or she was into men like themselves. Daddy was about the only man she'd ever met who actually got aroused by the mere fact she was fucking other men. 

 Turns out the guy next to her was in the first category. "Well," he said, changing the subject, sounding pissed at the answer, "baby, I haven't had a tight cunt for quite a while, you're gonna get your little tight pussy stretched as open as it's ever been, tonight -- hope you wanna be fucked raw!" He didn't even look over for her reaction, but laughed to himself. His statement about "months" without a tight pussy immediately were inconsistent with his first representations to her, in his very first email responding to her online ad, that he regularly laid teenage girls. Didn't matter; she still thought he was sexy and the photographs of his nice, big-headed penis gave her all the incentive she needed to get naked with him. If anything, if he had the case of blueballs, he's just fuck her and cum that much more aggressively.  

 

 ****** What To Do When Lacey Is Out ****** byNonStopFunGuy© Still, she wanted to toy with him, get him as aroused as possible. "So, what's the deal, your wife doesn't like to fuck, or what, is she ugly now or something?" The 19 year old spoke with confidence and not a hint of remorse, completely understanding the cause of horny married men who want something they usually can't have, namely, girls like herself. 

 "Yeah, something like that," the guy chortled then looked at her knowingly, "you're pretty smart for a girl your age, you know how it is, huh?" 

 "Oh I know!" She laughed that he'd think it was some kind of big secret, the toils of being a married male. "I bet, your wife's body isn't what it was when you married her, and she doesn't give you head or anything now right -- and with your awesome big cock, no reason to waste that talent, you just love sharing it with younger girls like me who appreciate that big tool stuck up our tight pussies?" 

 He didn't confirm or deny the suggestion, but instead groaned impatiently. "Fuckin' traffic," he said of a red light ahead of them, although it turned green before the car reached it. Lacey's last comment seemed to linger with him, and he stirred in his pelvis and chest before turning his face towards her and winking again. "I'm gonna fuckin' stretch out your tight pussy all night, sweetie, hell I just wanna drive the car over and fuck you right now." 

 "Is that so?" Lacey purred, wrinkled her eyebrows and leaned forward to touch her hand on top of his knee. "Is that big dick all hard for me already?" Her hand slid into his crotch, and he pushed his pelvis forward while spreading his knees. Indeed, she felt a solid, lengthy hard mass inside his slacks, and her fingertips traced it from its round head down to the soft sack many inches below. "Ooh, fuck, baby, it's sooo fucking big, mmm I'm gonna love fucking this dick tonight!" She caresses the massive dick through his pants up and down several times, then slipped her fingers back to the top of his pants, reaching into the fold to grab the zipper. "I love big cocks, you have no idea." 

 With the girl half his age rubbing his prick, he pushed his crotch against her hand to give her more access to the zipper. "And you have no idea how big I am right now, honey, you're so fucking sexy." 

 Slowly tugging the zipper downward, making it trace over his shaft too, Lacey snuck her small hand into the small opening. He had underwear, soft cotton briefs, but she could feel the hardness of his swollen penis against her fingertips. Grunting to herself with delight at his member, "Oh fuck yeah," she pushed fingers in more and wormed them around to find the opening of his underwear. Her fingers bent and wiggled to pull open the underwear as best she could, then her fingertips -- just the tips -- found the naked shaft of his penis. Very hard, very hot, pulsating heat. "Ooh, baby, you have a great tool." 

 Charlie was driving with one hand, his other unsnapping his slacks. She had to help him hold the pants steady for him to unbutton them; but when opened, the bulge of his cock popped free. Lacey now could reach inside the briefs easily and wrap her entire hand around his engorged prick; it was, indeed, very thick, very hard. "Mmm yeah!" She pumped her fist up and down the shaft, moving the soft outer skin over the ribbed stiffness, pulling the cockhead tighter and making a wet spot on his underwear. Looking around outside the car, she made sure no one would notice what she was doing. "Fuck, why doesn't your wife fuck this big dick every day, is she stupid or gay or something?" 

 Still holding the steering wheel with only one hand, the man had his other hand in his lap, his thumb hooking over the waistband of the underwear. He pulled back the waistband and yanked down on his briefs, so his erection was exposed. Its head was enormous, a large ball above a nicely thick shaft that grew to very fat proportions as the base. The head was purplish along is thick rim, with clear precum already oozing out of the peehole. Thick curly dark pubic hair surrounded the enormous base. 

 The man smiled upon seeing Lacey's positive reaction to the sight of his dick. "Like that one, honey?" 

 "Fuckin' love it," the girl immediately responded, pushing her golden hair over her ear and now entirely bending over in her seat. The car was still in motion but Lacey didn't stop herself, pushing her head into his lap and immediately sinking her lips on top of his cockhead. His precum was salty and warm; his huge, round helmet was actually hot, full of lust, burning against her tongue. The girl's lips suckled the head then sucked an inch of his penis into her mouth, sucking hard on it to create a vacuum, her tongue washing over it. Her hand was still holding the base, her thumb not touching her opposing fingers, and she squeezed it and yanked it firmly but gently while she sucked the head. 

 "Ooh yeah, good head baby," moaned her new sex partner, trying to drive faster. 

 Lacey beat his shaft with her little fist while sucking the top two or three inches of penis, making it all wet with her saliva. "Oh fuck!" she squealed for his amusement, "I can't wait to fuck this dick, baby, it's huge!" 

 She felt a hand on top of her head, pressing it down, making her suck another inch of his long tool and forcing her jaw to open wider. She mumbled and grunted, mouthing the penis of the man she only met in person a few minutes ago. "So fuckin' good," the girl grunted coming up for air before sucking back more in, "so good, so fuckin' good baby." 

 "Oh yeah, suck that dick, bitch!" His voice was shrill too, highly aroused. 

 She felt the car jerking left and right, slowing and speeding up, and soon the car slowed to a stop. Sitting up, but still holding his dick, she saw they were in the familiar parking lot of the motel. The lot was mostly deserted. It was an older motel, kept current on the inside but needing significant attention on its facade. Only a few dim lights lined the dingy parking lot, which had cracks and weeds in the cracks layered like a spider's web. The motel's rooms were exposed to the parking lot, with the second floor accessible by a stairwell at the far end. Charlie parked the car as close as he could to the stairwell, a couple of cars occupying the closest spots. 

 "Let's get inside and fuck," she quickly said, knowing she was liable to say in the car and suck his dick off if they didn't get out quickly. He didn't argue. Instead, he zipped up and raced around the car to meet her. No one was around, but she knew not to make any public display of affection with a man old enough to be her father. She always had a fear of someone thinking she was a prostitute, and it wasn't worth ending up in jail just for a good lay. She could have stayed home with Daddy for that. 

 Figuring he was probably a typical male, she walked up the steps first, so he could admire her ass in her tight jeans. The taste of his penis was still in her mouth, and she savored it by rolling her tongue around, not swallowing at all, just salivating for more dick. Arriving at the second level of the motel, he lead her down the row of rooms to the door with number 225 on it. He stuck the key into the lock, turned it, and let her into the slightly-warm, brightly- lit room. 

 Lacey stepped in, dropping her small purse onto the nearby table -- and instantly found his hands and body against her. Even while he was slamming the door shut and locking it, Charlie slipped one hand around her body to grab her breast through her blouse and tubetop. A moment later his other hand was covering her other tit, and his hard penis in his pants was grinding against her ass and the small of her back. Charlie's hot, hungry lips planted on her neck and began sucking her skin, giving her incentive to roll her head to the side. "Oh fuck yeah!" the girl whined happily, reaching up to his wrists to hold his hands against her B-cup tits even more tightly. His strong fingers gripped both of her breasts, fondling and kneading them through her clothing 

 

 But hardly a moment later his hands released her breasts and slipped to her tummy, untying her blouse, then pulling it off of her slender shoulders. The slut panted hard, knowing this was her favorite part, where the horny male gets to make her nude. Everything that would follow was almost like icing on the cake, all the hours and hours of fucking. He didn't wait to slide his fingers under her tubetop, pulling it down, rolling it in a bunch around her body underneath her tits. Her aching pink nipples poked forward, her soft teenage breasts waited for his attention, and without delay he was again pawing at her tits, but this time naked ones. She arched her back towards him behind her body, pulling his hands onto her tits again, feeling his tongue lick up to her earlobe, and his engorged cock ground hard against her small butt and back with desperation. 

 The man continued to lick and suckle her earlobe and her small diamond stud in it, while his hands lowered from her tits to her jeans. He spun her around, so she faced him, while he leaned down. She arched her back even more to push her pelvis towards him, pulling his mouth onto one of her anxious breasts. The man's hot, wet lips sucked her aching nipple inside his warm mouth, just as his fingers were unbuttoning her jeans. Lacey let him enjoy sucking her titties until her jeans were both unbuttoned and unzipped, then she pushed him back a bit so he could watch himself peel off her jeans. 

 Even lowering her jeans past her knees, the married stud eyed the young woman's little black thong hiding the sweet pussy inside. "Fuck, you're so hot," he muttered as she stepped out of her tight jeans after kicking off her sandals. 

 Standing almost nude in only the thong, she wasn't sure what he would do next - - push her to the bed, leave the thong on, or what. But Charlie was good to the plan they made in the car, and his thumbs were already peeling off her thong. She gasped at his reaction of gasping at the sight of her freshly-shaved, wet pink cuntlips. So tight and small, capable of taking so much cock. 

 "Oh fuck, Lacey, you're . . . you're fucking amazing." 

 She wanted him so badly, seeing his lust for her body. All her ideas of hot cocksucking and pussy-licking and such seemed silly right now; she wanted this fuckdate to get started off with the good stuff. "Baby, do you want more of that cocksucking, or don't you just want to get naked too and cum stick it in my pussy right now?" 

 He laughed, and he shoved her towards the bed, playfully, then a second time until she was crawling back onto the bed on her back, their eyes locked together until she was in the middle of the sheets with her slender legs open and her drenched 19 year old pussy exposed for his review. Charlie was already removing his pants and underwear simultaneously after having doffed his shirt a moment earlier. "I think we just start fucking, don't you think?" 

 That's all she wanted. "Oh yeah, baby, come over here and fuck me right now, c'mon hurry I want your cock bad!" 

 No pretenses, no lying, no games. The naked married man with the rock-hard, 8 1/2 inch penis crawled into bed, climbing over the young nude filly who instantly guided his dick against her twat. One shove later they were fucking, accompanied by Lacey's loudest scream and the sounds of his penis driving into her sloppy wet cunt. Just good, solid fun, starting now. 

 * * * * * * * * * * * 

 I guess I have this little ritual, when I'm alone in the house and Lacey is on a fuckdate. Once in the basement, I strip entirely naked -- probably not much sooner than Lacey was going to get naked with her date, I figured -- then decide how to enjoy myself. There's always the Literotica chatroom, or reading Literotica stories about daddies and daughters behaving badly. Of course, it can be an hour or longer to find a good, horny hot chick (who's really a chick) for an online or phone fuck. There's tons of online porn waiting to be seen, but after a while, that stuff gets repetitive. Those sites that pretend to have "real" married women or daughters or stuff? You can tell, after a few sites, it's all the same women and girls anyway, they're just paid whores, none of it is really real. I mean, like these MILF sites, how many 40-something moms go around town in skimpy tops with no bras, readily agreeing to be photographed fucking some stranger? Sure, sounds like my daughter, but a whole website of women like that? Right. 

 Instead, the most effortless way to masturbate and that gets usually the best cums is just to watch porn movies. I have a hundred DVDs and CDs or so, a lot I copied off of internet sites, but a lot I've purchased over the years. I mean, until Lacey turned 18 and she became my live-in girlfriend who I got to fuck all the time, a single dad with an underage daughter needs some stress-relief, you know. There was a time I could remember what was on every porn movie I owned. Now, using it only two nights a week or so instead of seven, some of the older stuff would seem fresh when I watch it. 

 But the other reason I don't watch most of my porn movies? Not just that I'm fucking Lacey most nights. No, it's because I find myself -- despite telling myself to try something different -- watching the same three fucking DVDs over and over. And over and over and over. It's like the entire collection of porn was filled with Barney and Wiggles movies, leaving me only three movies to use to get myself off. Standing naked in front of the DVD collection, my cock demanding attention, I stared at my three favorites and spoke to myself aloud. "C'mon, Robert, watch something else." 

 Then the voice inside my head said, "But you KNOW you WANT to see them again, don't you?" 

 So I reached out, took the three DVDs from their special shelf, and loaded the three into a 5-disk turn table in the DVD player. Just pretending for a moment I might actually watch some other porn movie, I dropped a couple of other disks to fill out the table; one was all 18- and 19-year old girls being fucked by partners of both sexes, and the other was a DVD of FFM threesomes. (My all-time favorite fantasy, still basically unfulfilled -- the one time Lacey and I were nude in bed with another girl, Lacey's friend Ana, I was fucking Ana and Lacey pretty much only watched. Lacey is incredibly not bisexual. Yes, daddy is severely disappointed with his daughter, on that basis at least.) 

 My toned, athletic naked body plopped onto the big fake-leather seat across from the big-screen TV. My daddy cock was pointing at the ceiling, precum already dripping down the shaft. I noticed the clock, thinking Lacey left the house a full 20 minutes ago. Think she was fucking already? It was a sexy thought, at least. I reached over and grabbed the remote, then started up the DVD player. 

 It was no surprise which DVD I played first, of my three favorites. If you haven't guessed already, those three DVDs are home made -- all films of Lacey fucking cock. One of them has me and her on it, about an hours' worth of fucking in the bed, plus some extra time of us doing it on this very sofa. The other two movies were "presents" from Lacey to me, things she did with other men, so I could enjoy watching anytime I wanted. One was a weekends' worth of fucking at a stud's condo, and that's good because you can leave it in for two hours and see her do the guy over and over. The other movie was my birthday present this year, and it's what I can't stop watching. 

 Settling back onto the sofa with the remote nearby but my hand wrapped around my penis, I watched the huge TV in front of me flicker past some static and begin with the film. This is really a work of art, I've told myself so many times, Lacey should get some kind of porn movie award for this. The first thing I get to see is my daughter completely naked, sitting on "my" bed in "my" bedroom -- a misnomer for public consumption only, because in actuality, Lacey and I sleep together every night she is home. Lacey has her feet on the floor, her ass at the edge of the bed, and her arms behind her, while she smiles into the camera. Her thighs are parted to show her cunt, and her breasts are on display with her hard nipples poking from them. "Happy birthday, Daddy," she groans with a sultry look and voice, "I hope you like this birthday present I'm making for you, and uh, well, I hope you like it! It'll, uh, well, make you think of something everywhere you go in OUR house." She emphasizes the "our" deliberately, smirking as she does. 

 Then, you can tell the camera is being moved onto a tripod next to the bed, and pointed and focused. Ok, no Ron Jeremy production here. Lacey waits patiently, smiling, and I know to fast-forward for about 20 seconds. Then, when the camera is zoomed so the whole bed is visible, another naked figure appears. A guy in his 30s or something, wedding ring on, hairy chest, and definitely fat cock. Good 7 inches or so, not really long, but much thicker than Lacey's daddy's penis. Lacey makes way for the guy to kneel on the bed, pointing his dick at her, and without words, she just crawls up to him and starts sucking the precum out of his bulbous cockhead. Lacey moans anxiously, her eyes closing, while she tapes herself sucking this big bone for her daddy's pleasure. 

 Having seen this DVD a thousand times, I have watched the cocksucking pretty intently to know it's hot but not what gets me off. I usually find myself waiting for it to end. Lacey deep-throats the guy, looking up at him, but it's not as good as a skull-fucking as she gets later in the DVD. So, tonight, like I usually do, I just watch her start devouring a few inches of the guy's penis until I'm really, really horny. Then I fast-forward the remaining 10 or so minutes of her sucking him. 

 I stop the movie just as he's about to blow. I fucking love this part; his balls erupt and, as she leans over on her knees with him kneeling on the bed, she jerks off his penis while he squirts his semen all over her face. I actually use this part of the DVD for reference when I cum on Lacey's face myself; it's a "birthday cum" (my phrase) if I can cover her face as much as this guy does. Streaks and pools of white-hot semen splatter all over Lacey's smiling face, forcing her to close one eyelid, dripping off of her nose and chin, covering both of her cheeks and nose and forehead and jaw in long, wet spurts. As the dude stroked his own cock, cumming on my daughter, she looked up at him and wryly smiled, keeping her face steady, and sometimes she looked over at me (well, at the camera). Watching her get her face soaked in cum almost gets me near orgasm every time; tonight, for sure, I was holding it back, even letting go of my dick as I watched her take that orgasm all over her pretty teenage face. 

 The guy's massive eruption on her face had Lacey moaning in delight, licking off the flavor of it from her lips while the guy climbed off the bed. This, too, I fast-forwarded; they engaged in a short discussions before concluding they'd pick up the taping again later. I skipped over the part now where the guy fumbles to stop the recording, while Lacey quietly watches, sperm drooling down her face. The tape starts instantly, though, some time later that afternoon, same place, same two fuckers. Only this time, the camera is on a tripod at the foot of my bed, and stretched out naked right where I sleep every night was the hot stud, a big smirk on his face, his thick pecker lying on his tummy waiting for action. He had his muscular arms behind his head, watching my daughter behind the camera. As the tape gets rolling again, Lacey strolls into view nude and climbs on the bed with him. 

 She looks at the camera, sitting on her hip bumped up next to the guy, reaching down to his lap and lifting his fat penis upright. Her little tiny hand looks so frail next to his huge dick, it's so sexy as she starts stroking it. He's already fully hard, some time had passed since his huge cum. Lacey grins at his dick then at the camera -- me -- and she moans in her sluttiest voice, "See, Daddy, he's right where you sleep. I want you to know that every night you go to bed, your little princess got fucked hard right in that very spot by a really, really BIG cock!"  

 

 ****** What To Do When Lacey Is Out ****** byNonStopFunGuy© (Lacey has told me she used the story that she had a fantasy about her daddy knowing what a slut she is; I suppose that's why the guy actually smiles when she's talking to "Daddy" on the camera. Allegedly, she didn't say that her daddy would actually in fact watch the video.) 

 My nude daughter leans up and straddles the guy, whose strong hands guide her slender hips over his lap. Her back is to his face, so her tits and pussy are facing the camera, his legs stretched out underneath her. She reaches down, holds his penis upright, lowering her pussy to it. I can't see his face now but I hear his moan, and hers, as his dick starts to penetrate her tight cunt. That huge cockhead is so big compared to her slit, you can see her lips visibly pry open to take in the wide erection. Lacey's eyes roll and her eyelids flutter, and she leans her slender body backwards with her hands behind her, tits arching up, as she lowers her pussy down the man's cockshaft. As always, stroking on the sofa watching, my eyes were glued to the penetration. She works herself hard, pushing down, until a few strokes later literally his entire shaft is buried up inside my daughter's cunt, his hairy balls slamming hard against her body as she grinds down on him. 

 "Oh Daddy!" my girl squeals, trembling, "fuck Daddy he's fucking me, his cock is sooo big and sooo good, Daddy, fucking me right where you sleep Daddy!" 

 The guy fucking my daughter adds with a condescending snarl, "Happy birthday, Daddy." 

 My daughter's little body rides up and down that pole, her tits heaving as she breaths deep, and you can see the juices of her cunt dripping down the guy's big shaft. She swirls her hips as she rises and falls, whipping his dick as she goes, all the time staring at the camera. "See him fucking me, Daddy? See him fucking your princess, Daddy? Did you know I'm such a slut, Daddy? All the boys say I'm a hot fuck -- and I'm fucking right on your bed, Daddy, fucking right where you sleep, I hope you remember this every night you go to bed, Daddy!" 

 Lacey rides this stud for, I don't know, 5 or 10 minutes, working at a steady, deliberate pace. The guy's hands are all over her body, from her hips to her tits, cupping them as she rides backwards on him. He slides a hand down to her pussy and fingers her clit while she fucks him; Lacey moans desperately at that contact, but he doesn't do it long. In fact, his hands slide faster and faster all over her, and you can tell watching, he's getting really worked up as she fucks him. 

 He can't take it any more, suddenly he pulls her off of him and, with Lacey laughing, he rolls her onto her back. She slides over so she's lying where he was -- in my spot on the bed. (Think the guy knew the other side was usually occupied by Lacey herself?) The guy, totally frenzied, mounts my daughter immediately. All I can see on the video now is this naked man from behind, with quite the muscular hairy butt, and my daughter's slender thighs and legs spread under him pointing to the sides, while her little hands clutch him around his hips and ass. The guy thrusts forward sticking it to Lacey deep and hard, and he starts pounding her mercilessly. His superior body, with his legs tense against the bed spread a little, starts hammering her small body to drive that thick penis into her teenage cunt. Her legs are pushed around like slender branches in a strong wind, her feet bouncing around, and her hands clench on his asscheeks as she feels him stretching her cunt and plunging deep. "Fuck yes, fuck me, fuck me baby, fuck me!" Lacey cries through tears, getting nailed right where her father sleeps. 

 The guy is crawling on top of her, ramming his dick into her younger vagina, now towering above her. She has lifted her ass so it's off the bed a little, her legs bent backwards and her knees near her ears. (She was a gymnast years before she was a cheerleader, so this actually is a natural position for her.) On the video I could now see her pale, small ass, with her cunt stretched into a gaping O with the enormous erection drilling her in and out. The guy's balls are hard as little rocks, almost pushing into her cunt, then moving up as he pulls out. Then he rams back inside making her cry and moan each time. 

 My daughter's familiar whine put my own cock on the edge of orgasm, watching this. "Fuck! I'm cumming! Oh fuck I'm cumming! Ohhh fuck fuck fuck fuck I'm ohhhhhh!" 

 The guy drills her though her loud orgasm, and keeps fucking her hard nonstop until Lacey has screamed through another couple of cums. At last, after maybe a good 15 minutes of nailing my slutty daughter, you can hear the guy muttering something to her on the tape. Then Lacey screams, "Fuck yeah! Cum in my cunt! Daddy's he's going to cum in me!" 

 The guy's body tenses, he rams home a few times very deep, leaving his prick in my daughter's pussy, then pulls out and slams it right back in as hard as he can, several times, until his entire body seems to tense. Lacey screams at the top of her lungs, her fingers and palms are wrapped around his muscular buttcheeks pulling him forward. She wails as his entire body spasms and I'm watching this man unload his sperm inside my daughter's pussy, having another huge orgasm but this time filling her babymaking oven with his babymaking sauce. (To my knowledge, no babies were made that night, of course.) 

 Tonight, maybe a bit more early in the DVD than normally, I started cumming hard. I was so worked up knowing Lacey was out getting fucked, and this was a really good fucking she took. I love how the guy was so animal for her, he just had to put her on her back and do her until he was done. My hand flew up and down my shaft, and the hot lovecream squirted up into the air and landed in a thick coating over my cock, hand and abdomen. 

 Still spurting out drops of my own orgasm, I watched the scene change instantly. Lacey -- well, someone, don't ask Lacey to operate a videocamera on her own -- had rewound the tape, or something, to start right where the stud's orgasm ended on my bed. For this scene, Lacey is in our living room upstairs, sitting on the big cream-colored sofa we have there. She's wearing her hot-pink satin robe, loosely draped around her body, and she's not alone; next to her is a guy in his 20s, I'd guess, and one really superior stud. Sitting next to my daughter in just his underwear (briers), he has thick muscles on his arms, a ripped chest with well-defined ripples on his tight stomach, and thighs thick enough to be tree limbs. The guy has a really smug look on his face, and he's looking over at Lacey like she's a piece of meat. He has a bald head, or at least really well-shaven, and you can't tell if he's a black guy with just really light skin or a latin or Italian guy with extremely tanned skin. 

 The guy mutters to Lacey, "It's on now," referring to the timer switch he must have found on the videocamera. Lacey giggles and smiles gleefully into the camera. "Well Daddy I hope you're having a wonderful birthday, and, um, my friend Mikey here and I are going to celebrate your birthday together!" 

 Lacey pushes up to her knees on the sofa, and leans into Mikey, face to face, and they start licking each other's tongues in direct view of the camera. Meanwhile the stud reaches out to push her robe open, exposing one of her tits, while Lacey's hand snakes to his underwear and begins to rub the massive bulge in it. While the make out the guy fondles her tit and she starts massaging his hardening penis. It's a great scene; the kiss gets more and more energetic, and his hand slips down to her crotch to rub her through her now-visible red panties, while Lacey keeps playing with the shape of his dick in his underwear. You can just see the energy and lust building in them as they make out and touch each other, with Lacey moaning louder and both of their hands moving faster, and their kiss getting more and more wet. 

 Eventually they have to move onto more aggressive foreplay. He pushes Lacey upright and brushes her robe off both of her thin shoulders, leaving her in just her French-cut red panties. Leaning into him, his hand still grinding softly against her mound on her wet panties, the guy sticks his tongue over her tit and begins licking it. Lacey's eyes roll and she looks over at the camera smiling at the attention. Her hips are gyrating, she's humping his fingers against her panties, and the sticky noises of her wet panties are easily audible. 

 When he's coated both of her delicious 19 year old tits in saliva, Mikey pushes Lacey onto her back on the sofa, one foot on the floor and the other hung over the top edge of the sofa's backrest. Lacey watches him with a grin, and alternatingly looks at the camera, as if to ensure I'm still watching. The stud admires her pussy through her panties, then he delicately reaches out and starts peeling the panties off. "Alright, let's see what we got here," he giggles, drawing a similar chirp from my daughter. "Ooh!" he smiles as he spies her shaved, wet cunt, peeling the panties down her legs. Pulling the panties free, Lacey spreads her legs again instantly, one foot on the floor and opposite leg high in the air, exposing her cunt to the dude for the first time. His face lights up, you can tell he likes. 

 He moves in to lick my princess's cunt, and she moans and closes her eyes, wrapping a hand around his bald head to pull his tongue harder against her lips and clit. He moves around to be sure the camera gets a view of his tongue against her pink wet vagina, and when he's in position, you can see his tongue pumping against her clit, then lapping at her lips. Lacey arches her back and moans again. Soon his tongue is inside her twat, pushing into her hole, and Lacey starts reacting. "Ooh fuck yes, fuck my pussy baby, eat my pussy, fuck me with your hot tongue baby!" Then remembering the mission, she looks at the camera with half-closed eyes and moans even louder, "Daddy, he's eating your princess's cunt, right in your living room!" 

 The pussy-licking is slow and deliberate, but Lacey's naked body starts writhing faster, and her breaths get deeper. She doesn't orgasm but she starts whimpering loudly, escalating in energy. Mikey pulls back, his chin and lips smeared in Lacey's vaginal juices, lifts his powerful arm and sticks out a single finger. He watches intently -- along with the horny father on video - - as he carefully inserts his finger into Lacey's cunt, just a knuckle deep at first, then more, and more. Lacey grunts and holds her legs open with both hands around her knees, lifting her face to watch the fingerfucking. She moans and encourages him to do it faster and harder, until Mikey has his whole finger inside, twisting it around, plunging it back and forth like he's cleaning it out. 

 I like the finger-fucking, and love seeing him make her cum twice when he adds his tongue to her clit, but it's a slow fuck. So I grabbed the remote and fast- forwarded through this part, even through her orgasms. I let the video play normally when she's already on her knees on the floor and he's standing upright, while she takes down his briefs. The guy's dick is humongous, got to be 9 inches or so, and Lacey gladly starts licking it even before he steps out of his underwear. She's instantly aggressive, her curly-blonde hair bouncing around, as her tongue glides around the helmet then up and down the ribbed shaft. She moans while sucking him, looking up at him when she wraps her lips around the cockhead and stuffs it a couple of inches into her mouth. Her jaw has to open extremely wide, just to push some of it inside, and her cheeks suck inward as she creates a vacuum to suck the dick. 

 Her cocksucking doesn't last too long; after getting his entire long penis coated in saliva, she sits back on her little butt and holds his dick in her hand, while looking at the camera with a sneer. "Daddy, do you see how big and hard Mikey's cock is for me? I think, um, I think I'm gonna let him fuck me, right here on your sofa, Daddy!" She motions as if to stand up, but adds belatedly, "Happy birthday, Daddy!" 

 Mikey helps my naked daughter to her feet, which is sort of funny because his big dick is just hanging in mid-air, looking for any kind of hole to fuck. Lacey provides him one, settling on her back on the sofa again, one foot on the floor, spreading apart her thighs. His dick looks so much bigger and stronger than her slender teenage body, but her eyes beg for it to ravage her. Mikey doesn't lie on top of her but keeps one foot on the floor, too, putting his other knee on the sofa and lowering his dick to Lacey's body. She spreads even wider as that big cock draws closer to her wet pussylips. 

 "Fuck me baby!" she orders, seconds away from getting it. 

 "Ooh yeah, you like that big dick?" he giggles, rubbing his cock on her clit and making her roll her hips around against his dick, "Mikey wants some of that tight pussy you got." 

 Screams back my daughter, reaching for his ass to pull him in, "Fuck my tight pussy, my tight slutty pussy, baby!" 

 Daddy gets to see on the video the stud's monstrous penis touch her entrance and begin to slide inside. It doesn't fit, really; her legs stretch wide open and Lacey erupts with a guttural scream, clutching the sofa's cushions under her butt for leverage. The guy is just smiling, trying to act casually, as he uses his muscles to push his body forward and begin probing his big dick into the girl. While the tape plays, I'm on the basement sofa jerking my hard-again cock watching Lacey get fucked by this second stud. I know the DVD is long and I want to pace myself, but I'm just so horny I can't stop from wanking my meat hard and fast. The cum from my first orgasm is something of a lubricant as my fist pounds my daddycock, my eyes staring at Lacey being fucked deep by a super-huge dick about two inches larger than mine in every measurement. 

 "Dah-dee!" wails my princess, forcing herself to look over at the camera. With her eyes actually tearing up, her jaw trembling, she grunts in half-breaths, "He's so fuckin' huge, Daddy, I love his dick fucking me!" 

 Me too, I muttered to myself. 

 * * * * * * * * * * * 

 "OH FUCK!" Lacey attempted to scream, but her mouth was dry from panting so hard. Her messy, sweat-coated long hair draped around her, as she pressed her perspiry face and shoulders into the damp bedsheets, pushing her naked ass higher into the air at the hunky male fucking her doggy-style behind it. 

 Her fuckdate for the night had his hands on his own hips, arms akimbo, while he looked down at his married penis fucking the 19 year old slut from behind. Her small asscheeks were reddened from taking a pounding for the last half-hour, and her asshole was still gaping from having his dick inserted in it for a while. The young woman, barely out of high school, was bent over burying her face in the stanky motel bedsheets, her slender knees spread apart to leverage her little frame as it took his hard erection time after time from behind, her fingers tightly wrapped around the bedsheet to keep herself in position. Otherwise the repeated pounding of the much larger adult male's body against her ass and thighs was going to push her head hard into the headboard, or off of the bed entirely. 

 "Fuckin' slut," grumbled the married fucker as he drilled the young woman, "fuckin' little whore!" 

 She squealed as she sucked in air, turning her face to the side and blowing her messy hair off of her mouth. "Oh shit fuck yes! Fuck me baby fuck me harder!" Lacey could feel wet drips of male cum leaking down her inner thighs, from Charlie's first orgasm deep in her pussy now being drawn out drop by drop from his penis penetrating her cunt again. 

 Whatever cum was leaving the girl's pussy was about to be replaced anyway; the male was nearing his second orgasm. With a loud yelp, he moved his hands from his hips and wrapped his fingers tightly around the girl's body where her thighs bent away from her hips. Hooking her there and yanking her little body backwards, he was able to drive the head of his cock into the deepest part of her vagina, feeling her tight wet tube gripping the thick pulsating shaft of his erection. "I'm gonna fuckin' cum you dumb slut!" the married man announced, banging his penis into her a few last times. 

 "Yes yes cum in me cum in my slutty cunt!" Lacey wailed, eyes closed, sweat dripping down her brow. 

 She felt his penis shoot; from his noises and how his body burst into hers, and the pulsing of his dick's soft underside against her sensitive pussylips, Lacey knew he was ejaculating in her again. The expert slut pushed her ass backwards firmly against his body, letting him flood his semen into her cunt as deep as he could. She moaned and screamed for more of his cum, then suddenly she felt her latest orgasm surge in her crotch. Lacey shot her hand under her body, her fingers finding her throbbing clitoris, and she began rubbing her clit hard into her body while Charlie was still unloading his sperm in her. Lacey let out all of the noise in her lungs, a high-pitched eruption of female lust, when her body spasmed too and she began having her umpteenth orgasm of the short night. 

 The adult male and 19 year old blonde needed deep breaths and moments to wipe their naked bodies of buckets of sweat, with Charlie leaving his dick inside the girl's cunt until finally pulling it out, almost painfully. Lacey, sore and stretched, rolled over onto her hips and tried to close her knees together, laughing when she found she was already remarkably sore after fucking for only 45 minutes. Her lover for the evening stared down at her naked body, admiring the damage he caused in it, before plopping on his butt on the other side of the bed, resting upright against pillows propped in front of the headboard. 

 Lacey lay in the messy bedsheet, her sweat over her body and the juices from her pussy soiling the sheets further, crossing her arms around her sore body until a few seconds later she could muster enough energy to push herself to her knees. Charlie had already picked up the TV's remote, turning on the tube to catch the status of the Pistons game. Probably just to see how long until it ends, she thought, but to her chagrin he was not turning off the game when it was clear it was only in its first quarter. "I should call my wife," he added without looking at the girl he just fucked, "she wanted to make sure I got to the game ok." 

 "Yeah, sure." Lacey breathed hard again, her pulse returning to normal, and she excused herself to pay a visit to the toilet. Too much Diet Coke at home before Daddy got home. Trying to stretch her legs out to the floor, her knees were unwilling to straighten after having been bent for most of the time taking that cock from the rear and in her butthole. Speaking of that, clenching her asscheeks felt funny, too, with the deformity to that hole. The general soreness in her limbs and the exquisite soreness of her pussy put a smile on her face, as she stumbled over to the motel room's small bathroom. Looking back, she saw Charlie admiring her naked ass while he had his cellphone pressed to his cheek, listening for the call to be answered. 

 Fuck his wife, Lacey thought to herself as she quietly shut the bathroom door so that her noise would not carry over the phone. How does a woman not let a big, strong stud like Charlie fuck her every day? His cock was better than Daddy's, although his stamina wasn't -- at least yet -- anywhere close. A sexy guy like that probably had a good-looking wife, Lacey mused to herself while she settled her ass over the cold toilet. She had this devilish interest in seeing or even meeting the women of the men she was fucking; it hadn't happened yet, but someday, Lacey wanted to smile in the face of some stupid bitch who was ignorant her hot husband was stuffing Lacey's cunt on a regular basis. It would give her a feeling of power and achievement over an adult, somehow similar to the satisfaction Lacey got from making adult men worship her and break marital vows to fuck her.  

 

 ****** What To Do When Lacey Is Out ****** byNonStopFunGuy© Her piss over and cleaned up, Lacey returned to the bedroom where her male friend was finishing his call with his wife. Lacey let out an "oops!" when she realized she'd flushed the toilet, but Charlie had his hand over the cellphone to muffle the noise. No damage done, it seemed. He gave the cursory "I love you" and explained he wanted to "get back to the game." 

 His dick was semi-hard, lying at an angle over his abdomen. It was wet and slimy from being stuck in her ass and pussy, and briefly her mouth, and it looked delicious. The girl didn't ask but crawled over the bed to it, leaning down and tracing her tonguetip softly along its length to taste its sexy flavor. Mmm, pussy juice with a single of ass. Her sore pussy itched for attention again, but her mouth and tongue were taking over for the moment. "Fuck you're pretty horny, aren't you slut," the man laughed at her, spreading his legs to let her work on his penis again. 

 "Mmm, I told you this week, I love to fuck," she defended herself in a huff, not stopping from licking his hardening erection. 

 He was reaching down to her shoulders, pulling her up to his torso. "Then get back on my dick and fuck me, you stupid blonde whore, with your little tight cunt." 

 Lacey eagerly did just that. 

 * * * * * * * * * * * 

 I had stopped the DVD halfway through the Lacey's fuck with Mikey in the living room. Damned if that scene didn't make me cum again, not even 15 minutes after my first orgasm. At this rate, I was in for a lot of orgasms by myself tonight. Anyway, my stomach demanded more attention, and the two orgasms placated my previously out-of-control horniness. I ambled up to the kitchen buck naked, cum dripping down my tummy and thighs, and turned on the Pistons game on the little TV while making myself a sandwich. Hot turkey and Italian red peppers, on white bread. Yummy and easy. 

 It was somewhere in the second quarter of the game. I wondered if, at that very moment, my daughter had the man's dick in her pussy? Probably, but that was the fun of it -- not really knowing. The thought did make my cock twitch, and I hurried up to wolf down the food so I could return to my sex lair in the basement. 

 I un-paused the DVD, resuming the scene of Mikey giving it to Lacey. The next scene, frankly, is about the best porn scene I've ever watched, and I had an inkling to fast-forward to it; but right now I had the image of Lacey on her knees getting it doggy-style from this hung muscular stud, who was not only hammering his pelvis against her little ass but reaching forward to yank back her golden hair and painfully twist her face upwards. She clenched her eyes and endured the pain of his huge cock slammed inside her cunt, as her naked little tits jiggled from the repeated impacts of the male's body into her ass and thighs. "Ow! Oh! Owww!" She let out these painful little yelps, contorting her face in dismay but clearly loving the deep fucking she was getting. Finally she sentiently blurted out, "Fuck yeah, fuck me harder, do me!" 

 This scene is what I consider just a good, solid, high-quality fuck. Lacey really got it like it's meant to be done. They didn't talk much, just made noises, and they weren't even looking at each other. My daughter concentrated on the feeling of the oversized king dick in her cunt, which was giving her pains she never had with other men and smaller dicks, while the stud continued to ram his meat into her teenage twat over and over, and over, and over, and over, and over, and over and over and over, and you get the idea. I couldn't even see the penetrating, given the way their bodies were angled on the sofa in front of the camera on its tripod. Instead, the TV showed Lacey's sexy little ass bent over, rocking back and forth against the thick rigid meat of the guy's pole. "Ooh yeah, ooh yeah," Mikey smoothly purred as she fucked him, eyeing from above his dick in her. 

 Relaxing in the sofa across from the big TV displaying my daughter getting fucked, my cock was starting to grow to full hardness as I watched the scene. I let it play, so I'd be nice and horny for the next scene, but I didn't touch my dick even when it started throbbing for attention. 

 After poking Lacey plenty of times from behind, Mikey pulls back -- his super- long dick was drooling with her pussy juices -- and sat on his ass on the sofa. Fuck, his erection came up to about his nipples, I mean that dick was one big motherfucker . . . well, daughter-fucker. Lacey needed a moment to move out of her bent-over position, and I could tell that the fucking she'd been enduring was giving her some powerful orgasms. When she needs help moving to a different position, that's the sign that she's getting power-fucked. Mikey has to pull her arms and almost drag her to straddle his lap, then his long fingers wrap around her slender hips and shove her cunt down on his dick. 

 "OH FUCK!" she screams as her little body plunges down on that scary erection. The view is really sweet; I'm sitting there staring at her hot naked ass with spread thighs and seeing her butthole right above her stretched-open pussy, swallowing that king dong. She has her arms around the guy's shoulders, almost crying into his neck, as he pushes her down farther so his manhood sticks all 9 or 10 inches up inside her. Mikey seems to be sucking her perky B-cup titties stuck in his face, or so it sounds from the sloppy moaning I can hear, and Lacey is whimpering with a low, urgent grumble as her butt starts pumping up and down, her cuntlips sliding on the guy's stone-hard pole. 

 I found myself in a trance staring at Mikey's penis drilling my daughter's bald vagina, with her delicious buttocks pumping right above that spot. I am not gay but, seriously, I was hard just from seeing a big and beautiful dick; and knowing it gave my daughter deep sexual pleasure was, as a father, a great source of satisfaction. My ears focused on Lacey's guttural urges -- "Uhhh, fuuuuh, uhhhh, uhhhh" -- and my eyes fixated on the pleasure of watching her cunt get stuck over and over. Her groans turn into little shrieks, getting higher in pitch, and she clings tighter to the guy's chest. 

 He wonderfully puts his hand between their naked bodies, sliding his fingers over her clitty I'm sure (although I couldn't see it), making those girly noises start to peak. "Uhhh yeah! Fuck yeah! Ohhh fuuu yeah!" Suddenly the guy slams her body downward as forcefully as he can, simultaneously pumping his ass up and thrusting that cock deep into her body. All 10 inches disappears inside her, his balls right against her soft butt. Lacey erupts with a surprised scream, "FUCK YEAH!" and she starts sobbing into his face. I mean, you can hear tears. That long penis is rearranging her tubes inside her body, how else can 10 inches get up inside there. I've seen her take 9 inch dildos and the last inch or so requires rewriting the laws of physics. I can just imagine Lacey was feeling that dick up inside her lungs or something when he rammed it so deep. 

 With fingers on her clit and that cock buried all the way inside her body, little Lacey lost it, screaming and shuddering with a feminine orgasm that almost was too loud for the camera to record. "OHHH FUUUUH!" Her body trembles then spasms, almost seeming to faint, held up only by the guy's arm around her. Gasping for air and clinging tightly to him, Lacey explodes intensely for about as long an orgasm as I've ever seen her have. And I've seen a ton of her cums (caused a majority of them myself, mind you). 

 Watching it, the sex doesn't look that intense. Lacey is moving up and down in thrusting motions over his body, but his ass moves with hers, so his cock remains stuck deep inside her; it's not pumping in and out like a piston. It's her noises, though, that prove how fabulous she's getting fucked. Her one long orgasm dies down but she has several more cums in about a five minute span, they roll after each other in waves. She keeps clinging to Mikey's face, never making eye contact or kissing him, just holding on while he sticks that dick up her twat and makes her feel divine. 

 The end comes pretty suddenly, too. She's in the midst of this series of intense mini-cums when Mikey starts to stiffen; his legs shoot out and his arms slide up to Lacey's armpits. He raises her body up his cockshaft, and holds her steady there. I've never seen anything like this in other porn movies, and I've tried to replicate the stunt with Lacey but I don't like how it feels. For some reason, the guy doesn't want to cum deep inside her pussy, but only about an inch or two deep. He holds Lacey as steady as he can, and on the TV you see almost all of his drooling, sloppy cock pulled out of her reddened cuntlips. But the cockhead and maybe a tiny bit of his shaft are still inside that wet hole. Lacey wants to pump her ass but he clamps both hands on her buttocks and holds her steady, then his body vibrates and his balls seem to contract. She squeals and you can tell he's pumping jism inside her tube. That dick must have had a ton of cum and Mikey is putting it all into her vagina, and since his cock is so huge, her cunt is tight around it so no sperm comes dripping out. He's unloading his orgasm inside my daughter and she's hollering in pleasure about it. 

 Soon after shooting the last drops inside her pussy, Mikey lifts Lacey off of himself. The look on her face is precious; her eyes are almost closed, and she's got a glistening-wet face wet from tears. That big cock made her cry! Daddy was jealous. She wasn't moving much, she ended up kneeling on the sofa leaning into him still. He drops his face down and starts licking one of Lacey's sexy little nipples, salivating all over her boob, while she's lost in a daze. Her face is wrinkled like she's in pain, and she's breathing in short bursts as if a big breath would hurt. Her messy wet pussy is just saturated in liquids, and it still looks stretched out of shape. 

 Mikey moves off the sofa and Lacey collapses onto her ass in a ball of late- teenage flesh. He disappears behind the camera, and there's bumping noises like he's trying to take the camera off of the tripod. You hear him curse a couple of times until the camera suddenly lifts from its position. (Lacey later told me, he didn't fuck around with the tripod, he just left the camera on it and lifted the whole damned thing.) The camera moves closer to the well-fucked girl and then zooms in on her wet cunt. She dutifully spreads her thighs, and sitting on the sofa Daddy finds himself gazing at his daughter's vagina moments after a powerful, frenetic fucking. It looks just delicious; my mouth watered at the sight. 

 Then Mikey pans up her body, and as her naked tits come into view, you can see bite marks on both of them! He was chewing her nipples and breasts while fucking her; no wonder she was crying. 

 Finally her gorgeous face fills the large-screen TV. The tears are evident, but she's smiling. Mikey moans off screen, "Tell your Daddy if you had a good time." 

 Lacey giggles, showing that however painful the fucking was she loved it, and she waives at me through the camera. "Daddy, I hope you're having a great birthday, I know I loved Mikey's cock! Now every time you sit on this sofa, you'll have to remember this is where Mikey fucked me!" Then with a final waive, she purrs, "Bye!" and the camera goes black. 

 Leaning flatter on the sofa watching the TV, I grabbed my dick, knowing the good stuff was about to start. 

 The third scene of the DVD is in our kitchen. It's got to be morning when the scene was filmed; there is bright sunlight on the one wall to the side, which only happens pretty early in the morning. The camera is on its tripod again, with the view filled by our kitchen table and the big bay window behind it. As the scene starts, neither Lacey nor anyone else are visible. 

 But a couple of seconds later, Lacey comes from behind the camera, wearing a black lacy nightie that has spaghetti straps over her petite shoulders and falls about midway over her hot butt. It's pretty transparent; the shape of her body and the top half of her asscrack are not left to the imagination. She's reaching behind herself, and then you see she's holding hands with some guy. He's not quite the muscular young stud that Mikey was; at first his face it out of view, but you see he's got to be middle-aged, has a definite belly, and ample curly hairs on his somewhat-flabby chest of mixed black and gray colors. He's got on boxer shorts, tented out by his erection, which by the shape was probably a tiny bit smaller than her Daddy's penis. 

 The two obviously have a pre-arranged plan. He stops between the camera and table, and turns sideways; meanwhile Lacy has dropped to her knees in front of him. She reaches up and those boxers come down, and his nicely shaped 7 inches of cockmeat fall into view. Good pointy helmet, and thick dark veins on the base of his shaft. He has a scraggly bush of dark pubic hair around his balls. Lacey grins at it, obviously familiar with it, and leans in to give it a short lick. Then the guy turns to the camera and jumps up onto the table, and the next thing you see, he's sitting with his meaty ass at the edge of my kitchen table, legs dangling off, spreading this thick hairy thighs to show off his penis, balls and ugly butthole. Right where I eat. 

 "Daddy," Lacey beams into the camera, "this is the kitchen where we eat, and um, like, we're going to, um, like, just fuck each other so everything you eat here you will think all about it." 

 The guy chirps in with a raspy voice, "Satisfy our cravings, sorta." 

 With the overweight, hairy naked guy leaning back on my kitchen table, Lacey pulls her slender young body in the slinky nightie up to the table kneeling on a chair. She has this look in her eye like she hasn't fucked cock for days. Making sure to look back at the camera to entice her perverted father, Lacey reaches out with one small hand and holds the guy's dick straight up. He starts stroking her long golden-blonde, curly hair like she's some kind of pet or something. My slutty offspring leans forward and begins licking the man's stiff dick up and down, loudly slurping as she tastes the precum on its head or its manly aroma down at the fat base. Her little ass sticks out as she leans forward, the nightie not covering her asshole or pussylips when she shakes her hot fanny at the camera. 

 "That's it, suck my cock sweetie, oh yeah you're good," growls the turned-on stranger. 

 Getting the guy's dick as hard as it could be with her fleeting wet kisses, Lacey leans upright more and bends her head down so its right above the penis. Still holding the cock at the base in one hand, her small fingers so tiny compared to its massive adult size, her thin lips open and she begins taking the head of the dick into her mouth. Slurping even more loudly, getting the cock all wet, Lacey pushes her face down and shoves a couple of good inches inside. The man moans and keeps stroking her hair, his other hand behind himself to prop up his flabby chest. Lacey is way too beautiful and precious for this unkempt, hairy older jerk, so watching this DVD always makes me love her so much more. 

 The guy's hand moves to the back of her skull, no longer stroking her hair, but arching his fat fingers around her 19 year old head. His eyes are transfixed on my daughter's lips around his hard penis. I can see the wedding ring on his finger now, on the hand feeling this young woman suck his cock. Lacey is making a breakfast of this man's dick and pumping her mouth energetically up and down, her whole face bobbing as she sucks the top two or three inches of the prick. As her lips recede up the shaft, thick glistening saliva starts to drip down his wide penis, then gets gobbled up when her lips move down to return to the spot. 

 She puts her hands down on her thighs, leaning up farther now, her gorgeous sexy naked ass wiggling at the camera. God, I thought, holding my penis in my hands watching this DVD, if she were here right now I'd just start fucking that tight ass. She's so hot. My eyes moved from her glorious butthole back to her face, sucking hard on the erection in her lips. She's sucking air hard, preparing herself. The guy is watching and moaning something that doesn't make it to the camera. Lacey pushes her mouth down, taking a big breath. The guy pushes his hand down. 

 And Lacey stuffs the man's penis into her throat. 

 Her whole body gags; you can see her upper body convulse, she makes this sick, inhuman choking noise. But the guy doesn't let her head up, instead shoving her face down until her lips are against his balls. I find this moment extremely sexy, because Lacey allows herself to act contrary to her own body's design just to bring pleasure to this ugly man. She's done it for me, too, and it's intensely erotic -- plus her tight throat just fucking feels awesome around a cock. Lacey fights the revolt of her body to the thick intruder in her throat, closing her eyes and putting her back into the effort to keep her mouth secured around the pulsating erection in her mouth. Her jaw is open as far as possible; she's hardly touching the prick with anything but the back of her tongue and her tight hole in her neck. 

 The man is sneering at the deep-throat blowjob. "Yeah, honey, suck me down!" 

 I know what to watch at this point; her chest starts heaving inside her negligee. Her stomach muscles ripple in waves, and her shoulders shudder from the shocks. Her face betrays a feeling she cannot resist; her little figure is about to give into forces of nature. Even with the man's hand on her head, Lacey jerks upright and pops her mouth off of his penis, and literally at that moment, her entire torso violently quakes and there is an ungodly sickening choking noise. From her open mouth, a small stream of thick, clear liquids bursts out, cascading over her lip and chin and splattering on her nightie covering her breasts and stomach. Then another convulsion, and more vomit bursts out. 

 She turns away from the man, towards the camera, so she doesn't get him messy and also lets me watch her make a fucking putrid mess of her face, neck and chest. After three bursts of vomit, she fights the reaction and chokes back subsequent gags. Grabbing her nightie by her hips, she lifts it to her face as a rag and wipes off some of the mess, though hardly all of it. Her eyes are tearing a bit, but she is trying to smile, and as soon as her mouth is clear she even laughs at herself. 

 Then it's right back to work. She pulls her golden hair over her shoulders, some strands now soiled from the vomit, takes a couple of breaths, and shoves his penis back inside her mouth. Once again, he puts his hand on her skull and drives her whole face downward, until his 7 inches of meat are inside her neck again. The way she's angled, you can see her neck expand along the depth of his cock, it's very sexy. Lacey forces her face down to swallow his penis and bury his hairy balls around her lips and slimy chin. Gagging noises come out of her mouth, but she dutifully keeps that cock shoved up her body as deep as he can stuff it. 

 This time, he holds her head down with both hands, impaling himself entirely inside her neck. Her body shakes a couple of times, and then there's a moan from her plus a reaction, her body tries to jerk off and away. The guy doesn't let go, keeping her planted on him. Five, ten seconds pass, with Lacey's throat containing his adult erection. She moves her hands from her thighs to his knees, steadying herself. Another convulsion; this time, she tries to push herself up. But he won't let go. Fifteen seconds. She's pushing hard and moaning and her eyes are clenched shut to endure the pain, while her chest is trying to breath and vomit again. Twenty seconds. She kicks the chair away, standing on the floor with one foot, trying to get away from the feelings inside her body.  

 

 ****** What To Do When Lacey Is Out ****** byNonStopFunGuy© He releases her, and she pulls off but immediately doubles over, gagging, choking for air, and a stream of slimy puke pours out of her mouth again, hanging like a rope from her mouth until she has another convulsion and a fat blob of the goo splatters onto the kitchen floor. Lacey is trying to breathe but she can't, making motions with no air, until she chokes hard and swallows a mouthful of air and mucus. That sets off a flurry of deep, nasty coughs, keeping her bent over and holding her knees, spitting out the acidic taste in her mouth while also trying to regain her breathing and empty her lungs. 

 She's a trooper, and within a few seconds, she's breathing again although hard, and her nose is flowing with mucus which is now smeared all over her lower face. Her black nightie glistens from the liquids, her hair is tangled back. Think she's done? No way. After sucking up the air and lifting her nightie again to wipe her face clean, exposing her glistening-wet cuntlips in the process, she pulls the chair back up to the table, kneels on it, and climbs over the man's dick with her mouth. 

 Lacey begins deep-throating him a third time, only there's not much gagging; she's getting used to it. She pumps her body up and down now, taking the lead in giving him head. Her lips wrap tightly on the shaft as she slides it into her throat, where she leaves it a few seconds, then she slides back to the top for a breath of air with only the wet cockhead in her lips. She goes down again all the way, swallowing the prick with just sickening choking noises; staying down and whipping her head side to side, she shows she's in control. A good ten, fifteen seconds later, she pulls up and has a painful breath. 

 "Geez, goddamned cocksucker you are," praises her surprised lover. You don't have to read minds to know he doesn't get any of this from his wife. 

 My daughter stops shoving him into her throat, but now is bobbing up and down until his peckerhead hits the back of her mouth. She's coating his prick again with sloppy juices, probably not just saliva anymore. He has her hair in a fist, tangling it together behind her head, feeling her mouth work magic up and down his shaft. 

 The guy yanks her hair up, pulling her face painfully off his prick, and Lacey coughs then laughs. The guy lets go of her hair and puts both hands behind himself, then he pulls his knees up to the table on both of his sides, so he's spread entirely wide. His meaty dick and little balls don't look so big now, compared to his flabby thighs and hairy ugly butt. 

 Lacey seems to know what to do, sliding the chair closer, kneeling on it with one leg while her other foot is on the floor. Bent over still, her hip more than her ass facing the camera, she leans in to kiss the man's sexy penis then she starts licking south. I watch my daughter lick down the man's prick until she's lapping at his hairy balls, making him giggle and squirm. Ticklish, apparently. Lacey is expert at this; she lightly sucks his scrotum, rolling her tongue around it, gently caressing his balls with her wet tongue. As her mouth pulls back, she uses just her pointy tongue-tip to trace the shape of his balls, softly, gingerly teasing them with her licking. 

 "C'mon honey," the man grunts, "do it, eat my ass." 

 He spreads more, pulling one leg up with his hand under his knee, and Lacey is already moving down. Her tongue stays out, and with a stealthy glance at the camera, she closes her eyes and slides forward. I start watching my 19 year old daughter lick the nasty hairy butthole of this overweight naked dude. 

 At first, she is just tracing his puckered hole with her tonguetip, lightly circling it, but soon her tongue is working hard against it right at the entrance. He moans at the feeling, his ass wiggling slightly on the table. Lacey laughs and proceeds, moving her lips against his butthole and giving his shit exit a wet French kiss. Sealing her mouth on his ass, Lacey moans and starts stuffing tongue up his butthole. The guy groans and his head falls back, moaning how hot it feels, while my daughter's tongue begins to invade his anus. 

 By now, I was jerking myself rhythmically watching the DVD, admiring how Lacey was eating this man's cock and ass right on our kitchen table. The image has never left me, every time I eat there, which I guess was exactly what she wanted. 

 I happen to know Lacey will eat an ass because she thinks men like it; she'll even volunteer to do it, or just do it without asking, to prove what a full- service slut she is. But she has told me she doesn't fantasize about it. So I wasn't surprised, the first time I saw this DVD (on my birthday, naturally), that she licks this guy's asshole for only about 30 seconds. 

 The two choreographed some kind of plan for this short skin flick, because after rimming the guy's butthole, Lacey slowly gets to her feet and smiles at the jerk until he rolls off the table. His cock is nice and hard, dripping with all sort of her juices. Now it's Lacey's turn to crawl onto the table, her flimsy see-through nightie covered in spots of puke, and she turns around on it to lie on her back. Instead of lying to get fucked in her cunt, however, she lies so that her head is at front edge, sort of off to the side from the camera. Then she squirms around and slides backwards, enough for her head to completely fall off the table, lying upside-down, and her tangled messy golden hair drops towards the floor. On her chest, her B-cup tits make two dark hills inside her tight nightie. 

 Fatso steps up to the table, propping one foot flat on the chair to raise his knee. The girl looks upside-down at him, anxiously waiting his penis. He keeps his side to the camera, so the good stuff is filmed, and leans forward until his cockhead is at Lacey's mouth. With her lying on her back and head dangling off the table, her neck and throat are in a straight line, and it's obvious he's setting up to deep-dick her mouth again. She puts her hands across her stomach, and opens her mouth expectantly. 

 "Ready for it honey?" the blimp moans down to her, lifting his cock in his hand. 

 Lacey is almost giggly, even with her face and hair all messy and upside-down. "Watch this, Daddy," she orders playfully at me through the camera, although not looking at it, "watch me suck his cock this way, Daddy." 

 The guy plops his cockhead inside her lips, then with short pumps of his meaty buttocks, begins pushing more shaft into her mouth. Lacey moans but doesn't move, very passively letting him fuck her. He reaches forward with a hand and clamps fingers around her jaw and throat, in part to hold her in place, maybe also to feel his dick penetrate her. She just opens her mouth even wider. Almost taking a step forward he leans his pelvis into the table and thrusts his erection deeper still down her mouth, and a gagging noise announces he's penetrated her throat. Lacey tries not to move, but her hands do plant on the table as leverage. The guy mumbles to himself and salivates, feeling the tightness of her throat around his dick, pushing himself deeper inside. His big butt clenches, then his pelvis starts bouncing back and forth bit by bit, ramming that dick into my daughter's mouth farther and farther. 

 Pretty soon he's almost all the way inside, his balls bouncing off Lacey's nose, and the camera records her neck expanding to take his erect penis. Lacey starts gagging now, like earlier, her tummy shaking and her legs twitching into the air. Her hands instinctively reach above her head, to push him away, but for a moment he stays implanted in her mouth and throat. Another convulsion, this one more urgent, and finally he pulls back. Just the moment his dick pulls out, Lacey throws up more bile and slime, only this time gravity pulls the stinky mess down her dangling head. A stream of the clear shit from her stomach runs into her nostrils, pooling over her clenched-shut eyelids, and drains past her forehead onto her hair. She starts flapping her hand back and forth rapidly over her face trying to avoid something else happening inside her body, but she can't, and a couple seconds later she has a second barf, a violent one, sending more of the gunky mess down her face and smearing into her hair. 

 The older man watches her throw up and patiently waits for her to regain her breath, but as soon as she has taken a couple of deep gulps of air, he moves forward again, moaning, "Ready for it again, baby?" He doesn't wait for her to say anything, but Lacey sticks her head back and opens her mouth again, and he shoves that dick into her mouth once more. Below his cock and balls, my daughter's eyes are still closed, and she is trying to blow the gunk out of her upside-down nostrils to breathe while sucking the soft fat helmet of the man's penis. Her body is still squirming all around on the table, and he's not even in her throat yet, but she resiliently relaxes her head and throat so he can get deeper. 

 As the guy plunges into her neck, leaning his heavy body into her face and mashing his balls on her nose, he grunts in appreciation. "All the way in, baby, all the way, that's it." 

 His fat ass is now undulating back and forth, pumping his penis in and out of her throat. She can't breath much, because when her throat is clear of cock, she has to fight to regain breathing. He allows her a few breaths at one point, and when she moans, "Ready," he sticks it back into her mouth so far that his balls are crunched between her face and his flabby thighs. He keeps pumping her mouth like it's a tight pussy, fucking it in and out, using his ass and hips in long slow motions to drive his penis back and forth. Standing above her, the guy is staring down at her slender body, particular at her wet vagina exposed by her short nightie, now bunched around her hips. 

 Lacey holds herself steady when he penetrates her throat, pushing back into her neck, but with her head upside-down and the passage straight, it's easier for him to slide it inside. The gagging continues each time he pushes in, but she doesn't have the vomit reflect anymore; the guy just fucks that tight hole, and she takes it. She still can't open her eyes, with the puke covering her eyelids. 

 "Alright baby," he announces in a mumble, "I wanna cum, let me fuck that ass." 

 He pulls back and withdraws his manhood, leaving Lacey to lie on her back and try to return to normal breathing. Her throat hurts, she chokes a bit while taking deep breaths. After wiping her fingers through the mess on her eyelids so she can at least open them, she rolls onto her stomach and smiles toward the camera. Her face is ridiculously disgusting; hair matted and soiled, thick gooey liquids all over her skin, nose still running. Not the sight of a girl you'd pick up at a bar, but, she looked eminently fuckable. She took another moment to swallow some air then the man helped her rotate around the table, until her ass is in the direction of the camera. She slides her legs off and touches her feet to the floor, parting them, the black nightie bunched over her waist so her ass and legs are nude. 

 Lacey's little butt is so fucking sexy. The jerk admires it, standing behind it, then he has Lacey spread her legs more and stick her ass back towards him. Her wet cuntlips are dripping below her little anal orifice. The adult male eyes his target and steps toward Lacey again, holding his penis in one hand and rubbing it over her asshole. She moans and pushes her backside toward him too, her arms stretched across the table and her breasts pressed into the tabletop. Steadying herself on the table, she lets her friend start rubbing his cockhead on her butthole. 

 "Fuck my ass!" she screams. 

 He does, jamming his dick's head into her, stretching that tight hole. She winces and squeals excitedly, steadying herself for more. The married man pumps his ass in jerking motions to squeeze his cock bit by bit into her small, flexible hole, making her muscles relax and get bigger as he goes deeper. She is discomforted, but she pants and squints her eyes and begs for it. "More, more, fuck my ass, more!" She rams backwards now, as he slams toward her, and their bodies meet with a slapping noise. Her little asscheeks and athletic thighs ripple from the impact of the man's superior weight, while her asscheeks grind against his lower abdomen. 

 The man chuckles. "Fuckin' tight!" His hands grip her hips, not so much to hold her steady but more to keep her torso from falling off the table, as he starts dicking her butt over and over. His knees are bent, lowering his penis enough to have a comfortable angle into her ass. Lacey is leaning forward hard to take his dick in her butt and soon he's built a good rhythm, pounding her little body while plunging his cock into her. 

 Having seen this anal fucking many times, I knew it's not the best part of the scene. I was really aroused watching this video, as always happens, and I didn't want to be bored by the anal sex. It's a bit slow and, frankly, nothing happens other than him drilling her ass about a hundred times. Holding my erection in one fist, my other hand reached for the remote and fast-forwarded to the end of the part where he's doing her butt. I know about how long it is and where it ends, so I returned to normal play at just about the right moment. He pulls his dick out of her ass, not having cum yet, although that was I suppose the original plan. But his cock is so red from being squeezed by her throat and ass, and he has this look of blueballs on his face. 

 "Get on your knees, hussy," he barks to my daughter, pulling her off the table and making her descend onto the floor. She does at told, smiling at me through the camera then up at the face of her lover. Her face is still a mess, her hair tangled and disgusting. He pays attention to none of that and wraps both hands around her head, stepping in front of her and roughly shoving his prick into her mouth again. Lacey hardly has time to react but barely gets a deep breath, before taking his erection into her throat again. His fat fingers disappear into her tangled messy hair, and he holds her small skull like a ball in some sport, pulling it into his body while at the same time pushing his penis forward. Big penis enters her tight throat, and she can't stop it with his strong hands around her head. His ass starts flapping and he's banging his pubes into my daughter, ramfucking her throat deep, his moans building to a peak. 

 Lacey's hands are on the fronts of his thighs, trying to push away or steady herself, but it's unnecessary, he has her head in both hands and is using it as his cum receptacle. The guy blurts out one last loud moan and his ass clenches tight, while his cock is stuffed into the back of Lacey's throat. He's ejaculating directly into her stomach, she won't even have to swallow. Lacey's body is pulled into his cock so his dick can shoot his cream past her throat into her neck and stomach. 

 Watching the man cum so roughly and so deep in Lacey's mouth is a massive turn- on, and I feel my cock about to cum watching this scene -- again. This scene always gets me off. Jerking my penis faster, even pumping my abdomen, I masturbated myself to climax just after the man is done filling Lacey's throat with his spunk. 

 He pulls out, leaving Lacey to double-over again and try to catch her breath. It is the man, not Lacey, who ends the scene. "Happy birthday, Daddy," he giggles in a low masculine voice, "how do you like what I did to your little princess on your kitchen table?" 

 (Nothing Daddy hasn't done since first seeing this movie, trust me.) 

 * * * * * * * * * * * 

 "CUM IN ME, I LOVE YOU, FUCK ME!" 

 Lacey hardly knew what she was saying, or hardly meant the words, her body was on fire. Looking down past her tits and tummy, she saw Charlie's flat abdomen pumping up and down at the same rhythm that Lacey was swirling her hips in circles. Her arms were straight out clutching the headboard, with streaks of sweat dripping down her underarms and forehead and back. Her feet were flat on the bed, legs bent to both sides of her upright body, her knees pointed at the ceiling. As she straddled the hot married man and rode his large penis, she was lost in lust at the feeling of his wonderful meaty cock stretching and filling her aching wet vagina. 

 His hands were on her hips, feeling her ride him, his eyes still staring at her smallish B-cup titties and her tiny body for about the past 45 minutes, or however long she's been riding him. Instead of letting him bend her over and him doing all the work, as they did in their first part of the fuckathon tonight, Lacey decided to keep him sitting on his ass and ride him herself cowgirl-style. Slow, sensuous pace; rapid, animal fucking; long-lasting, steady fucking; she changed the pace back and forth numerous times, never letting him cum, keeping him rockhard and interested. 

 But now, feeling he was ready to explode, the 19 year old picked up the pace as fast as she could and furiously gyrated her little hips over his dick to whip it in every direction. Her tight, wet cuntlips clenched on his cock to milk it of every drop, while her hands gripped the top edge of the wooden headboard as tightly as she could so that she could lean back forcefully while squatting her cunt down on his penis. It was making all of her limbs sore, from her stretched-out arms to her folded legs and even her ankles as her feet tries to prop up her undulating body. As tired and sweaty as she was, Lacey wasn't about to let up until he was pumping more sperm in her pussy. 

 "Oh yeah, oh yeah," the guy was groaning as she fucked him, "fuck me yeah baby fuck me." 

 Her mind had given into the emotions of the succulent sex. "I love your cock, Charlie, I love you!" She began ramming up and down, not swirling, pushing her body up from the balls of her feet and slightly unbending her legs, but then letting gravity slide her pussy back down his penis, then doing it back and forth as fast as she could. "Your cock is so good, fuck me, cum in me!" 

 "Fuckin' slut," sneered her friend, at the moment staring at her clit poking out under her pussy as she rose up on his penis. 

 Her hard work riding his dick was rewarded; he couldn't hold it back any longer, and he began spurting his cum. Lacey didn't entirely realize it, too busy riding him, but moving high up his cock she felt the cum pouring out, and she instantly slammed her ass down onto his thighs. Taking his penis all the way up her cunt she made him spew his load inside her pussy again, the third time tonight. "Yeah cum baby!" the girl excitedly demanded while she sank her pussy as far down his penis as she could. Attuned to it, now she could sense his orgasm, and she smiled in pride at having made this hot adult man spew his load inside her twat again. 

 "Oh fuck!" She slowed her pace, keeping her vagina around his erection after his cum slowed down, bending her face down and lifting his jaw with both of her hands. Lacey pressed a simple kiss on his lips, then licked his closed mouth with her tongue. "Fuck your cock is so hot, I love fucking your cock!" 

 "We gotta fuck again," panted her new friend in return, smacking her ass as she sat on him. "I'd love to fuck you again tonight -- but --" 

 Lacey frowned, and looked at the clock. Not quite 10 pm. "What's the matter baby, you aren't saying you have to go, do you?" 

 The man's body language, a shrug and frown, suggested otherwise. "Well, not, I mean . . . ." 

 Fuck, she thought to herself, pulling off of him with a moment of pain. Her pussy was saturated in cunt juice. "It's ok if you have to stop, but -- well, I thought you'd have until--" The frown in his brown eyes made her pout too. "What the fuck, Charlie, you said, like, midnight or something." 

 "What the fuck?" defensively snipped her bedmate, looking at her like an elder might a naive teenager. "I didn't say nothing, but I gotta keep this secret, baby, I thought you understood that?"  

 

 ****** What To Do When Lacey Is Out ****** byNonStopFunGuy© At that very instant, Lacey realized several things. First, he was feeling guilty about fucking her, and the third orgasm in her pussy must have brought that guilt to a head. Second, she wasn't going to get more sex from him again tonight. Third, he's a prick, and she had no interest in seeing him again. 

 But fourth, unless she was extra-nice to him, she didn't have a ride home. 

 "Whatever you say, baby, anything you want," the girl cheerfully grinned, placing another soft kiss on his cheek, "I just want you to be happy." 

 * * * * * * * * * * * 

 After three self-induced orgasms, normally I'd turn off the DVD player and go take a shower or watch TV or something. I mean, my dick sort of hurt, and there wasn't really any money left in the bank to deposit, if you know what I mean. But after lying back naked in my pool of sweat on the sofa and flipping on the basketball game, it occurred to me that I haven't watched Lacey's entire DVD all the way through in several weeks. Most times, like tonight, I'd end up coming from the hot fucking in the kitchen, and rarely would I get to the next scene. With nothing particular to hold my attention tonight, I figured I'd see if I could watch more of it and keep my dick hard. The practice of staying erect after multiple orgasms is a good skill to hone when you're sleeping in the same bed most nights as a horny sexpot like Lacey. 

 The fourth scene, after Lacey and the fat man figure out how to turn off the camera, is in the master bathroom. Used to be just mine, but Lacey uses it every day now too, and she had ten times as much stuff in it than I have probably ever owned in total. She doesn't have a mom or sister, but yet, somehow she knows she has to own this incredible array of bottles, pumps, tubes, bowls, and myriad smaller devices to make herself look beautiful. Hell, with vomit drooling down her tits and face, she looks incredibly fuckable; she doesn't need $2,000 in manufactured products to get men to fuck her. But, girls will be girls. 

 The camera is set up in the doorway, looking into the room, with the sink to the left and the shower stall to the right. The tub is off to the far right but mostly off of the screen. The window shade is closed, but light peeks around it, so it's obviously daytime when the scene was filmed. The reflection of the camera on its tripod appears on the mirror, at the far left edge of the screen. From behind it, first visible on the mirror then walking in front of the camera, is Lacey with her hair nicely brushed out and some portion of that array of makeup blessing her cheeks and lips. She has on her white silk robe, loosely tied around her waist. 

 She is joined in front of the camera two seconds later by a very distinguished male, if you can say that of a man naked except for a towel around his waist. About six foot or so, without a ripple of fat on his body, and probably around 50 years old. Handsome face, deep-set eyes, well-groomed dark hair with gray temples. He had a marathon runner's physique; no fat on his body, well-toned muscles on his chest, stomach, and calves. A calm, almost amused smile turned up his thin lips. 

 I have met this guy since she made the film, although, he has no idea I saw the film, and no idea I know he is porking my daughter. He's some kind of investment counselor and Lacey, who pretended to just be a friend of his daughter, set up a meeting between him and me. It was fun, sitting there bullshitting with him about stocks and investments I had no intention of buying, while Lacey was next to the two of us silently listening. I could tell the whole time he was hard for her, and thus very distracted, but it made Lacey wet too. She and I fucked in the car in our driveway coming home from that, we didn't even make it into the house. 

 In the scene, Lacey and Chip -- that's his name, but, men almost 50 years old named "Chip" need to change it I think -- stand together and kiss, softly and romantically, his hands wandering behind her body. She pushes apart and reaches into the shower stall to turn on the water, so that the cold water in the pipes is flushed out before anyone walks into it and freezes his cajones off. While the water starts spilling, the two begin making out again. Unlike the other three guys on the DVD, whom she didn't really have a relationship with when she made those scenes, she's been fucking Chip for about two months before making this scene. He pretends to have a lot of "house calls" for his rich investment clients, but the only investment Lacey is making is the effort of her holes to get off his dick. 

 She strips him first, removing his towel to reveal his solid although thin 7- inch erection. He shaves his balls, and his scrotum hangs very low, with each ball in its own sack. Her hand doesn't look so small around his penis, compared to some of the other monsters she fucks. Bending over but not kneeling down, Lacey entertains his erection with some soft kisses and suckles. She looks at the camera a lot, beaming, and it shows that she's proud she's the mistress of this guy. He buys her nice but low-expense things, such as $50 earrings, nothing too big that you can't buy with cash in your wallet. But he has some really nice mansion, where they fuck when The Wife is out of town, and he drives her around in his sports car that is actually nicer than mine. Lacey grabs a hold of his nice pecker and strokes it while licking the cockhead, until he touches her shoulders to indicate she shouldn't proceed more unless she wants him to cum. 

 Looking up at the older man with puppy eyes, Lacey arches her back as he reaches to her robe and unties the sash. The flimsy garment splits open, revealing that she is wearing a pair of white plain panties. Chip pushes her robe onto the floor, then both of them look at her chest where his hand starts playing with her nipples. He pinches and strokes her hardened teenage nipple, making her coo lovingly, and resulting in another amorous kiss filled with tongue. Her hand grasps and strokes his erection again, while they make out and he fondles her breast. 

 With steam starting to come from the now-hot shower, they end the embrace so that he can remove her panties. She turns her back to him, giggling at the camera over her shoulder, while he kneels down to peel off her panties. Her small little ass gets a mild slap from his hand as she's stepping out of the panties at her ankles. Then he stands and they head into the shower. 

 Lacey adjusts the water to a lower temperature, something lukewarm, and leaves the shower door open so the camera can record them. Both nude now in the stream of water, they resume their tongue-filled kissing, him bowing his head down and Lacey almost standing on her tip-toes to reach up to his face. His hands drop down her flat tummy and reach for her pussy mound, softly stroking her vaginal lips and clitoris as the kiss becomes hungrier. Lacey continues to grip his penis. 

 This is pretty tame, compared to the hard and rough fucking that precedes it on the DVD; normally I fast-forward this part too. But tonight, trying to force myself to watch the rest of the DVD, I let it run. I hadn't watched this part for quite a while. Also, it is a pretty sexy scene, showing her affections for this guy and not just his big cock. Frankly, it's a little bit depressing to see your daughter making out lovingly with an older man in the same shower where I kiss her myself. But that was the point of the DVD, right; put a whole new spin on every place in the house where she and I fuck. 

 After making out a while, his finger on her clit gets Lacey quite excited, and her hand is stroking his penis faster. Her young, tight body looks delicious with the shower water spilling all over it, an awesome contrast to his older but still very fit manly body. Her tan is better than his, and he definitely was pale around his hips and crotch. With their mouths still pressed together, swapping saliva and breaths and moaning approvingly, Lacey begins humping the guy's finger while he is basically fucking her fist. She suddenly breaks the kiss and looks in his eye, grunting, "Fuck me!" He already has the same idea, spinning her around so her butt faced him and pushing her shoulders forward. Lacey knows what to do, I guess they'd done it in the shower before, she grabs with both hands the horizontal handle that's waist-high on the wall of the stall, holding her torso more or less flat while producing her ass towards her lover. 

 "You're so beautiful," the man admires in continuous admiration for my sexy daughter, as he moves his feet apart wide until each foot is touching opposite walls of the shower. It lowers his pelvis to underneath Lacey's butt, and his cock is now even with her cunt. She looks back at him over her shoulder, moaning, while he puts his hands on her fine young hips and pulls her pussy towards his dick. Both of them grunt as he enters her; her face looks up towards the wall with a grimmace and groan, while the adult male stares at her young body and winces from the tightness of her vagina. His long slender cock starts disappearing between her small buttcheeks into her pussy, bringing their bodies closer together. 

 Chip slides his hands from her hips, up her slender body, reaching under her chest to cup her dangling perky titties while he starts pounding her from behind. Giving his entire cock to her cunt, the older married man rams it deep into her then pulls it almost all the way out, then rams back inside again, starting a hard pace that makes Lacey start to whine. With the shower water landing right on her ass, lubricating his dick entering her pussy, he smacks his body into hers to stuff that 50-year-old meat deep in her teenage pussy. Lacey isn't talking dirty but just moaning and gasping for air, grunting with each thrust and trying to shove her fanny harder backwards against her lover as he fucks her. 

 Opening her eyes and looking back at him over her shoulder, Lacey moans passionately, "Oh god baby I love you," then blowing a kiss. Chip, smiling affably at her affection, puts his fingers to his lips, plants a soft kiss on his own fingers, then reaches his hand out to touch the kiss to her lips. 

 Their tender but intense rear-entry fucking in the shower keeps up at a hot pace, never really slowing down, sometimes building faster or with more sounds and emotion. Chip is just drilling my daughter relentlessly, playing with her teen titties while keeping his dick stuffed up her pussy, while Lacey concentrates on the feeling of his penis inside her vagina, stretching her out and filling her deep. 

 "I love you!" she pants several times, "fuck me baby!" 

 He does just that, fucking her steadily, for I have no idea how long -- 15 minutes? More? Because the video isn't edited but just the raw recording of their lovemaking, it seems monotonous at times with no view changing, just the same fucking over and over. But that's also what makes it sexy; it's just the two of them getting off together as they like to do it. Finally, of course, the man just has to cum, because her precious teen cunt is way more hot than any other twat he gets to fuck I'm sure. He pulls out and has her get on her knees in the shower, with the water falling around her face and his dick, then with one hand on his penis he guides her head with the other hand. As soon as her lips touch his prick, he ejaculates, keeping her tongue and lips right against his cockhead and the shower water falling all around it. His sperm shoots out but gets either eaten up by my daughter or washed away by the shower. Chip is grunting and struggling, pumping out every drip of jism he has, while Lacey smiles and laps it off of his cockhead, looking up at him the whole time. 

 Lacey stands up after he's done cumming, and they have a quick kiss, probably so he could taste his cum in her mouth. Chip, actually caring about her, knows she needs some good cums too. He has her stand and lean backwards against the shower wall, spreading her thighs while keeping both shoulders flat against the tiles. Lacey giggles as she assumes the position, revealing her pussy to him. Before taking care of my daughter, Chip grabs the showerhead and removes it from its holder -- it's got one of those with a long flexible tubes so you can hold the showerhead in your hand. Lacey giggles as he holds the device and adjusts the waterflow from a stream to a rapid pulse. Chip grins back, points the thing at her and splashes water all over her face and tits. Lacey shrieks louder and holders her hands up to block the pulsating flow, but Chip isn't looking for a water fight. 

 The man drops to his knees in front of her nude body, staring at her exposed vagina, and he raises the showerhead to point at her vulva. Lacey beams happily and spreads her knees open wider, pushing her pelvis forward, shoulders hard against the stall. Chip begins masturbating her pussy with the water, using the hard pulse to tease and stimulate her clitoris and lips, even putting the showerhead a mere inch from her body so the full force of the water grinds into her orifice and clitoris. Lacey fucking loves it, screaming in delight, even pumping her pelvis as her state of arousal escalates. She doesn't know where to put her hands; sometimes they are up against the wall, sometimes on her hips or holding her breasts, sometimes on his wrists. She just loves the water doing her vagina. 

 Chip hands Lacey the showerhead, then leans forward onto his hands and knees. Instantly he plants his mouth on my daughter's pussy, licking and munching her clitty. Lacey shrieks delightedly and rams her pelvis into his face; she's close to cumming. Chip looks up and, with an outstretched hand, guides her hand holding the showerhead. Lacey gets the idea and points the pulsating shower water onto her clitoris, where the water rams into her clit and also spills in waves all over Chip's nose and face. But Chip ignores the water and sticks his tongue into Lacey's pussy, fucking it as deep as his tongue can reach. 

 Between the pulsating hard water on her aroused clit and the man's tongue up her twat, Lacey starts cumming, hard. Her body spasms and she gasps for air, screaming nonsensically at the top of her lungs, wailing while she tries to remain upright against the wall. Chip even has to grab the showerhead from her because her hand gets limp, pointing the water directly at her clit at point- blank range with his mouth just below filling her twat. Lacey has to hold herself up, she grabs the handle on the wall with one hand and Chip's head with her other hand. Her eyes are closed and mouth trembling, chest heaving, little breasts pumping back and forth, her body having orgasms from all of the stimulation. 

 It's hard to tell how many cums she has, probably three or four. Doesn't take all that much time; she's incredibly sensitive, highly multi-orgasmic, and the feeling of that water and tongue are amazing. Chip finally stands up and puts the showerhead back in its cradle, while Lacey remains leaning against the wall sucking in oxygen after her climaxes. 

 "That was fucking awesome," the teenage girl exuberantly reports, smiling at her lover. 

 They start kissing again, arm in arm, and between their nude bodies Chip's cock is aching for attention. The man backs her up against the wall again, and without breaking their French kiss, he reaches his arms under her legs. Lacey grins but keeps kissing him. He slides her naked body up the wall, raising it higher, hooking her knees over his arms. Pressing her against the wall and lifting her by her legs, her cunt is now even with his penis; and a moment later, they're fucking again, the man shoving his dick into her wet slit. Lacey moans anxiously into his mouth and humps against his erection, as he starts slamming that long thin erection hard into her young tight vagina. 

 This is tame sex too, but its erotic, watching the lovers make out while fucking with her against the wall. His back is to me, so all I can see on TV is his naked back and ass, and her legs wrapped around his arms and body, and her hands clutching his shoulders. But he pumps and pumps and pumps his dick into my daughter, and they're doing it for so long that that hot water in the house must have ran out -- at one point he reaches out and shuts off the spicket, without stopping kissing her or fucking her. 

 

 So after all of this fucking, probably a good 25 minutes in the shower, you'd think it would have a sexy ending. Not quite. They are whispering to each other in the shower, and decide to go to the bedroom I guess. He pulls out, they leave the shower with his prick at attention ready for more pussy, and they walk past the camera before turning it off. That's that with that scene. 

 Not to worry! 

 The last scene of the DVD takes place on the very leathery sofa in our basement on which I'm sitting when I watch it -- right here around me. As with the last few scenes, there's no one visible when the scene starts; just the empty sofa I'm sitting on while watching it. 

 Quickly, Lacey emerges into view, and strolls over to the sofa. She's alone; that's one neat thing about this scene. The other thing is, she is holding the cordless phone linked to her personal phone line. She is dressed casually for hanging out at home; a cropped lime green t-shirt that bares her midriff, and cut-off Daisy Duke (zero-inseam) faded jean shorts. The shorts are exquisitely tight, such that the soft parallel ridges of her teen vulva are clearly evidence when she turns and sits on the sofa. Above, her hard nipples poke through the shirt. 

 Settling on her butt and back on the sofa, turned sideways against an armrest so her slender, naked legs stretch down the length of the cushions, Lacey's eyes glance time to time at the camera she set up in front of the sofa, with a light playful smile on her face. I watch her use a scroll function on the phone to select a phone number, either a number she programmed or a number of a recent call. This is, effectively, her sex line; the only calls that come to it are from males who either have fucked or want to fuck her. Actually, for the message on the voice mail she used to have for a couple of months, she recorded it while I was fucking her, so it had a good, authentic sound of her cunt being stretched. 

 Now she's listening to the phone ringing, still smiling at the camera, then her eyes turn down to her legs when the call is answered. (Unfortunately, the video doesn't hardly ever pick up the sounds or voice of whomever is on the other end of the call.) "Hey baby," my daughter sweetly responds to whoever answers the call, "it's me, Lacey, from the teen chat room -- is your wife gone?" When she hears the answer, her glistening-white teeth appear from her cheek-to-cheek grin. "Ooh that's good, so you're all alone too, like me." 

 I fucking love watching Lacey have phonesex; on rare occasion I even get to be in the room with her when she does it. I've always had this fantasy of sticking my cock in her while she's doing some stud on the phone, but she so far hasn't allowed it; she thinks it's like cheating on the guy, making him think he is causing her orgasms when he's not entirely responsible. We have done it over the webcam for others to watch, but not on the phone. I rarely watch this DVD to its last scene, so it has unique appeal to me getting to see this recorded phone fuck time to time. As I stretch out on the same sofa pictured on my TV right then, my penis was fully erect and throbbing for me to grab it, but having cum three times earlier that night, I was able to just let it remain hard and burn for a while as I watched the video. I was thinking at the time, I'll watch this DVD to the end without jerking off, then watch another DVD (like the one Lacey and I made together -- starts with her in her high school cheerleader uniform from last year) to get off.  

 

 ****** What To Do When Lacey Is Out ****** byNonStopFunGuy© "I've been looking forward to this call all day," Lacey is telling the guy with a low, sultry purr, speaking slowly and emotively, "I was, like, in the bath this morning for an hour, just, like, lying there, you know, so fuckin' horny, touching myself and my tits and all, thinking that I was finally going to get to hear your voice after all those times just on the computer." As she talks, her thighs are squeezed together, momentarily satisfying the burning in her crotch. She listens to the man and then moans with delight at whatever he said. "Ooh, fuck yeah, I was so wet, I wish that big hard cock was there with me -- I wish it was here now with me, do you have it out honey? NO? Well, shit Kevin, what are you waiting for, take it out baby, I mean, if your wife won't play with it, who else is gonna get it off?" 

 He says something quickly and she blushes, looking apologetic. A hand reaches up to brush her long, curly golden-blonde hair back, as she sweetly intones into the phone, "Mmm, you're right, I'm sorry, DADDY -- does your cock get harder when you hear me say that on the phone, huh Daddy? You like your daughter asking if your cock is hard right now Daddy?" Her eyes are now on the camera, not to talk to me, but to toy with my emotions while she calls another man her daddy. It gets me fucking hard watching this every time. "Take out your penis, Daddy, because . . . because, Daddy! Because its big and hard and Mommy won't play with it, so show it to me, show me how hard it gets Daddy." The sparkle in her eye looking at the camera, talking nasty to her brand-new "daddy" while her real daddy gets to watch it later, is obviously turning on my daughter. "You can admit that, if I was your real daughter, you'd wanna show me your big cock, wouldn't you daddy?" 

 She's listening now, moaning and nodding her head in agreement at what she's hearing, pressing the phone into her face while her free hand has no slipped down her body, momentarily rubbing her mound through her jean shorts. Then that hand moves back to her face and pushes hair over her ear, while she spreads her thighs a little, undulating them slightly. "Fuck I wish I was there to hold your big cock, Daddy, I'd get so fucking wet just watching you jerk it like that." Her smile at the camera for a moment is interrupted by a wink to me on the DVD. "Have you ever let a girl around my age watch you jerk it -- I mean, since you got married? Hmm, really . . . oh, really? Honey, shit, you need some hussy pretty badly don't you, with all that cock and not having a girl to show it to." She's pouting as she says it. Then her face grins but she recoils, as he starts asking her about something embarrassing. "Yeah, I have . . . yes, baby . . . um, a couple . . . yeah, uh huh . . . yup, in person . . . yup!" She snickers and simultaneously blushes. "Uh huh . . . yep, fully naked . . . yesss we did . . . yeah, both of them . . . mmm hmm, very good time . . . mmm hmm, very fun naked time . . . oh yeah, fucked them both all night . . . no I'm not kidding." (She wasn't kidding; she was greatly understating the facts.) 

 "Is that right," she responds to something, "no, I'm in Michigan . . . uh huh, near Detroit, kinda . . . do you now? How often? Mmm is that right . . . well how . . . when? No shit huh . . . yeah, well, I dunno, if you do, we can, yeah, talk about it, maybe . . . fuck yeah, makes me horny thinking about it, what about you baby, Daddy . . . you get harder thinking about fucking me, huh, cheating on your wife?" 

 She shifts her weight, lifting one leg over the other and squaring her back to the armrest, her nude leg nearest the camera bending upwards and showing her sleek thighs and toned calf. Her eyes are looking downward but not focused on anything for the moment. "Mmm fuck you sound hot tonight, what are you doing to that sexy cock . . . uh huh . . . oh yeah, keep on doing that . . . baby jerk it, jerk it for me Daddy . . . are you gonna make it cum for your precious sweetie, Daddy, jerk it harder, Daddy, think about me . . . yeah, think about me nude and spreading open for you, so you can shove that cock into my cunt . . . do it, fuck me, Daddy, fuck me Daddy." Her eyes smile at the camera, and she stares into the device (and me through it) for her next few comments. "Daddy, do it, fuck my cunt, put your big dick in my cunt and fuck your hot daughter, Daddy, I'm such a slut, I want you to fuck me, cum in me Daddy, squirt in me!" 

 Lacey's libido is rising, and she can't keep her hands off of her pussy. Spreading her thighs a bit, her fingers rub her mound again through her jeans. "Oh Daddy I'm so wet . . . fuck me, Daddy . . . Daddy, do you want me to get naked on the phone? Heh heh, no, not yet . . . duh yeah . . . ok, for you, Daddy." Lacey blows a kiss to the camera, putting the phone down on a pillow then reaching to her waist. Her little flingers slip under her t-shirt, and she rips it straight up, off of herself, her golden hair cascading around and her delicious B-cup titties exposed, with little pale triangles of the tan lines left by her small bikini top. Her pink nipples were fully erection, knobby and hard. She stiffens one finger, and rubs it gently over one of those nips, smiling at the camera playfully. "Ooh fuck, Daddy, your girl's nipple is so fuckin' hard, I have my top off, do you wanna suck my tits, Daddy, huh?" 

 Watching the DVD, my fist was now hard around my erection; I wasn't able to keep my hands off myself to watch this. Seeing Lacey stroke her sexy naked little chest was such a fucking turn-on. 

 "Mmm, Daddy, I'd show you my breasts, I know men like them . . . yeah, I would . . . yeah, even if you were my real dad." Suddenly, her face blushes, and she looks at the camera almost shy. Her voice gets quiet, as she makes a startling admission. "Yeah, I have . . . uh huh . . . no, I'm not kidding." Now her gaze into the camera turns sharp and confident, almost exuberant. "No, see, I live alone with my father, have for years . . . and, yeah, um . . . ok, it's like this." 

 She sits up, topless, one foot on the floor, her sexy tanned thighs spread and just her small jean shorts covering her body. Those brown eyes search the camera for me watching through the TV, and she knows the effect she'll have on me when I finally watch this conversation of hers. "No, I'm not fucking with you, it's like . . . yeah, I do, we sleep nude a lot and . . . oh, about a year, a couple months after my 18th birthday . . . yeah, he's sorta like my boyfriend, sorta . . . yeah, I do, I fuck him, my real dad fucks me . . . yeah it's fucking hot, he's such a hot stud, I mean, I like older men, and he's really fucking sexy, and uses his big dick real good on me, and he gets me to cum so fucking hot." 

 Hearing those words made my erection stream with precum, my balls wanting to cum all over that deliciously sexy goddess on my TV screen. My eyes were riveted to her hot tits and tasty legs while she continued to detail her naughtiest secret to the stranger on the phone. "Like, I'll cum home from a date, and, um, he'll lick the cum out of me? Yeah I love that . . . no, seriously . . . yeah, I mean no, we don't double date or anything, I mean, no one really knows, I have this one friend who joined us once . . . no, I'm not, I don't really, I mean, girls are sexy, but, like, I don't get off with them, and like, I need to have all the attention . . . no, he's out of town tonight . . . yeah, just me at home . . . yeah, if he were home, I'd pro'lly be fucking him right now." 

 Lacey pins the phone between her soft shoulder and delicate face, and she stands on the floor. Her hands dive to her jean shorts, which she unsnaps and unzips. "Baby, I'm so wet, Daddy, I'm going to take my shorts off, okay?" She peels the tight shorts down her slender legs, then stands up naked, kicking off the shorts. Her bald pink cunt is freshly shaven, glistening with juices. 

 Sitting back on the sofa, nude now, my slutty daughter puts her feet far forward on the floor and spreads open her creamy, buttery-tanned thighs, exposing the pale vulva of her femininity. Giggling at the camera, knowing her real daddy will be watching the movie soon enough, she pries open her pink pussylips with her fingers in an inverted-V shape. "Ooh fuck, Daddy, I'm so fucking wet," she moans hard into the phone, but looking at the camera, "do you like hearing that I fuck my real Daddy? Fuck good, I hardly ever tell anyone, it's like this biggest fucking secret, but sometimes, I just wanna scream out in public or something, I love my real dad and he fucks me hard all the time, I'm usually walking around all day with his sperm inside my pussy or tummy." 

 My hand couldn't stop from slowly jerking my penis, watching and hearing Lacey rattle on about our love life. I love the bitch so fucking much. 

 "Naw, we kinda seduced each other," she answers one of his questions, now using a single finger to stroke her clitoris between her spread thighs. "It was, like, one night, I dunno, near the end of high school, we were, like, watching TV one night, I wasn't wearing much, we started cuddling and rubbing and shit, and pretty soon we were grinding together in our clothing, then I dunno, the clothing just came off and we fucked our brains out. I wasn't nervous or anything, just so horny, I was yelling at him to fuck my cunt, it was so good, I had no idea my Daddy was so hung and could fuck me so good. Haven't stopped since." 

 Fuck, I was getting extra-hard listening to Lacey describe to some stranger the first time she and I got it on. The smile on her face relating the story proved that she was as aroused by it as I was. Lacey and I had been playfully flirting for a long fucking time before that, probably excessively holding hands or lingering kisses and the like, and she was very used to wearing skimpy, almost slutty bikinis around me. I'd been aware she wasn't a virgin for a few years, and we openly discussed all sorts of sexual matters for just about as long, I didn't want her getting knocked up or getting some disease but I also wanted her to be as popular as her gorgeous looks would permit. Then for her 18th birthday she got an oversized bouquet of flowers from the father of one of her friends, and I knew right away he was doing more than driving her home from cheerleading practices. I would jerk off picturing some adult fucking her, and that made me start to think, why the fuck not me? So it wasn't entirely accident that, watching TV one night cuddling on the sofa, my hard erection started grinding against her ass through our clothing. Lacey started to sway against it, encouraging it, and I couldn't stop myself from instantly nibbling on her earlobe and stroking the tight soft flesh of her exposed tummy. I hadn't had a good lay in over a year, frankly, except for a bad blowjob from one of the moms who lived on our street. I just decided, lying on the sofa with Lacey leaning back into me, I'd progress step by step until she stopped me. Fondling her breasts through her bra, sliding her bra off to massage her tits, slipping my fingers over her crotch while grinding my dick through our clothing against her butt -- she didn't stop any of that. When my fingers ground into her pussy through her shorts, she rolled onto her back and gave me the hottest, deepest French kiss I'd ever had, and she grabbed the bulge in my pants. I think I eventually moved to suck her tits then eat her vagina, before spreading her wide open on the sofa and driving my prick into that tight 18 year old cunt. I was so afraid she'd be embarrassed when we stopped, so I kept fucking her for about two hours or more, nonstop the entire time, until we were so worn out we could only laugh. I invited her to sleep in bed naked with me, and I had a new girlfriend from that point forward. 

 "Know what?" She sneers into the camera, then looks down as she changes the topic back to something closer at hand, so to speak. "Right now I have a finger on my wet clit, and baby, Daddy, it's so fucking wet, I wish you were here right now, you could rub your big Daddycock against it, make me want to fuck your brains out too." Her body trembles as she now uses two fingers to surround her clit, plucking at it, gently pinching it between wet fingertips. "There are, like, one man I like to fuck, I call him Daddy all the time, he makes me wear his real daughter's clothing, and calls me her name -- Holly -- it's so fucking hot, he steals her panties and sweaters and even jewelry, I pretend to be her, we go out to dinner and shit, I call him Daddy all the time, then we get alone and I beg him not to do me, but he strips me and fucks me hard, then apologizes, it's so hot." 

 She's starting to finger-fuck herself on the TV, sliding one finger into her wet, tight vagina, arching her slender back to push her sexy titties towards the camera, fucking herself for Daddy's later benefit. "Mmm fuck Daddy!" wails the slut into the phone, "I'm so fucking hot, fuck me, Daddy! Fuck your daughter Daddy, put that huge fucking cock in my tight cunt!" 

 I wish I could, baby, her real Daddy muttered to himself watching the video, knowing I'd want to impale her with my meat the next moment I get to see her at home. 

 * * * * * * * * * * * 

 Lacey's entire body had that sensuous, after-fuck soreness. Even extricating herself from Charlie's car caused some agony; the short walk up her home's driveway seemed far longer than normal. Inside her low-rise jeans, her miniscule thong was damp from the juices leaking out of her well-fucked cunt, so the flimsy fabric clung tightly to her drenched pussylips. Her thighs and ankles ached more than other muscles, from having driven her body up and down nearly 45 minutes riding the man's steely pole. But the aching and throbbing, particularly inside her vagina, told her that she was all woman. She probably just gave Charlie the best fuck of his life, even if he was too much of a prick to notice it. 

 Waiving good-bye to the male in the car, although he was already driving away, she stumbled inside the house. The first floor lights were just as she left them earlier in the evening; Daddy hadn't changed them at all. From the front door she could look across the entire floor, into the back of the kitchen, and over to the side in the living room, and Daddy wasn't anywhere to be seen. There was just silence, but for a hum of the air conditioning system. 

 She headed for the kitchen to grab a bottle of spring water, but passing the stairway to the basement she heard soft noises from the TV -- like someone talking, someone female. Oh shit, she realized with a grin, that's me talking. Daddy must be downstairs, watching one of the home-made DVDs, and probably his favorite one, the birthday present. 

 The blonde 19 year old grinned. Daddy is so predictable; but he loves his daughter, she knew, because he would stare at that DVD every day if he could, watching her fuck other men. 

 Go upstairs and get undressed, maybe take a warm soaking bath, most of her body told her. Lacey, however, responded to a tingling in her wet vagina. Daddy downstairs watching the DVD of her getting fucked; Daddy must be masturbating. Naked, probably, as he tends to do. Daddy's fat penis in Daddy's strong hand, oozing out the precum, maybe squirting musky manly juices all over Daddy's tummy and balls. That rockhard prick wanting to drive inside her teenage pussy again, but right now it had to be content just cumming in Daddy's own hand while he fantasized about banging her while watching her get drilled by Carl, Mikey, Jeff and Chip. 

 Lacey's eyes rolled in dismay at herself, she knew her Daddy's lust for her stoked an insatiable burning in her vagina. Even with her pussy and body sore from the decent fuck in the motel room, she couldn't just let Daddy be alone downstairs, jerking off. 

 The teenager snuck down the steps quietly, hiding behind the entrance to the basement rec room. The sofa split the room in half, the backside facing the entrance. Lacey spied the big-screen TV on the far wall playing the video of Lacey finger-fucking herself on the sofa there, while having a nasty phonefuck with some guy she can't even remember. The back top of Daddy's head popped above the middle of the sofa's backrest, he obviously was laying pretty flat with his feet far out on the floor. Undoubtedly he had been jerking off -- the room smelled of naked male genitals, tinged with the scent of male sperm. Absolutely delicious; Lacey's wet cunt leaked even more, throbbing for some of that action. 

 On the TV screen, her legs were split open as she was shoving two fingers into her cuntlips, pumping hard, even punching herself to stretch those fingers as deep as she could, while she was screaming obscenities into the telephone. "Mmm fuck Daddy! I'm so fucking hot, fuck me, Daddy! Fuck your daughter Daddy, put that huge fucking cock in my tight cunt!" 

 The blonde didn't think twice about what to do. She untied and ripped off her blouse, and before it even fluttered to the floor she was already yanking her tubetop over her head, leaving her topless. Her thin fingers shot to her belly and silently unsnapped her jean shorts, then unzipped them, and she wiggled them down her sore legs. That left her just in the wet thong; that too she stripped off without making a sound. Completely nude now, her pussy wet not just from the sperm leaking out of it but her sudden desire to play with her sexy Daddy, Lacey wasn't going to wait for satisfaction. 

 * * * * * * * * * * * 

 I was jerking my penis slowly in my tight fist, watching Lacey phonefuck some stud on the DVD, when suddenly I freaked out by something racing to me out of the corner of my eye. I barely had time to get my hands up to my face when Lacey, completely nude, jumped onto the sofa from behind it. "Hi Daddy, whatcha doin?" she cackled, landing on her knees next to me, her gorgeous young tits eyelevel to me. I could smell sex on her, and her hair was a fucking mess, pulled and yanked and tangled. Below, her nude vagina was dripping wet, smeared in some kinds of fluids. 

 "Fuck!" I exhaled, my heart missing a beat, but quickly catching myself. "Aren't you home early?" 

 "Mmm, not really." Facing her nude body to me kneeling on the sofa, she looked over her shoulder at the TV and watched herself finger-fucking herself while talking on the phone. "Have you watched the entire DVD tonight, Daddy?" 

 "Fuck yeah," I muttered, my eyes locked on her wet vagina. Was I seeing sperm on it? "So, tell me, did you get fucked good tonight, how did it go?" 

 The blonde grinned, almost laughing at me, then she stood up on the sofa, her feet apart, even putting one knee on the backrest of the sofa to spread herself open. Now her shaved cunt was level with my eyes, a couple of feet away. "See, Daddy?" Her fingers on both hands reached down, pulling back her vaginal lips a bit. "Look at that, Daddy, do I look good?" 

 Daddy was looking, trust me, very intently. Mouth watering. Cock now harder than it had been all night; having cum three times, I could feel the stiffness, it throbbed excessively noticeably. Her juicy cunt looked loose and reddened, the signs of a good fucking. "You always look good, precious, did you get a cock in that cunt tonight?" 

 "Fuck, Daddy -- YES!" She squealed at the top of her lungs and lunged at me. I couldn't move, if I wanted to, which I didn't. She put a foot across me, leaned her knees into the sofa's backrest, and lowered her twat right down to her father's face. I found myself staring at her sweaty flat abdomen while her mound lowered to my nose. "I fucked this big dick the entire time, he came in me so hard, Daddy, taste his cum!" 

 She gets off on this, I never stop her, although truth be told I hate the flavor of a man's cum, even my own. But the few times I'd eaten her messy pussy after sex, she had the hardest orgasms, and I loved pleading my daughter. So as her pussy pressed to my mouth, I opened my jaw and stuck out my tongue, immediately tasting the salty, manly flavors mixed with her piercing, sweet juices. Above my face, a guttural groan escaped Lacey's lungs, a deep pleasured sound, as she pressed her cunt into my mouth harder. I felt Lacey's fingers, both hands, reaching to my head, grabbing my short-cropped hair, holding herself upright as she ground her fucked vagina into her Daddy's mouth.  

 

 ****** What To Do When Lacey Is Out ****** byNonStopFunGuy© "Ooh fuck yes, Daddy, eat it, eat another man's cum out of me! Taste how many times he cummed in my tight pussy, Daddy, I made him fuck me so hard!" 

 Lacey's wet engorged pink clitty ground against my upper lip, even my teeth, while I tried to keep up with her body gyrating wildly over my mouth. She was holding my head steady, pumping her little ass and thin hips in circles, grinding that cunt against me hard, getting off on me. My tongue stuffed into her tight, wet hole, stretching inside, trying to draw out the juices and cum packed inside of it. But her body was moving wildly, her pussy circling back and forth, my tongue was pumping in and out only from staying in place. She was masturbating herself, really, using my tongue and face. "Yes! Eat his cum in my cunt, Daddy!" I didn't have to see her face to know her eyes were closed; I knew from the sounds of her shrill chanting. "Fuck yes! Fuck yes! Eat his cum Daddy!" Her fingers and palm clutched my head hard, and Lacey smashed her pussy into my Daddy-tongue furiously, so hard that I could slip my tongue deep into her hole, trying to tongue-fuck my daughter with as much energy as she was using to sit on my face. 

 Juices were dripping down my chin, even to my neck, I could feel the warm, musky liquids coating my entire face from my chin up to my eyelids. I reached my hands up and cupped her divine little soft buttocks, holding them, feeling them undulate over me, while I looked up to her tits swaying above me. Lacey was, indeed, staring at the ceiling, but then she opened her eyes too and glared down at me. "Cum on, Daddy, fuck me, eat Charlie's cum, eat the cum that stud fucked into me!" 

 Suddenly Lacey was orgasming, punctuated by her wounded, uncontrolled yelp that was part an explosion of sound and part a sucking in of air. My hands clenched her sweet buttocks tightly, so she wouldn't fall from my face, but she continued to lean into the sofa with her knees and plant her pussy on my mouth. As her pussy grew more smelly and wet from her orgasm, I felt gushing fluids filling my mouth, dripping down my chin, and I quickly swallowed the load in my mouth only to have a second mouthful pour in instantly. Her juices were washing bits of another man's sperm into my mouth, as was my tongue lapping inside her vagina and pulling out to retrieve that semen, and I dutifully was swallowing all of the cum sauce that I could get into my mouth. 

 "Fuck yeah, fuck me Daddy, oh Daddy do you taste his cum, do you taste his sperm in me?" 

 I could only muffle my response. "Fuck -- YEAH!" 

 "Oh yeah baby, yeah Daddy, suck his cum from me!" Her hands were, I swear, clenching my hair tightly, almost yanking it off of me, as she held me head steady and pounded her pussy and ass against my face. "Fucking shit, Daddy, fuck me Daddy!" 

 That twat was blazing over my mouth, harshly spasming with little orgasms, roughly rubbing on my lips and teeth and nose. She was even so aroused, she slipped her pussy all the way forward over my face, until her cunt ground against my nose, and her sweet little asshole moved onto my tongue. Now that flavor I like too, sticking out my tongue to taste her tight hole while she pumped her pussy over my nose for the sensations it caused in her clitty and lips. I was almost literally nose-fucking Lacey, tasting her tight anus, licking that soft hole and its unique tastes. 

 Her pussy moved back over my mouth and tongue and sank down, with her yanks jerking my face towards her body, making me shove my tongue back inside her vagina. I was furiously thrusting my tongue inside then pulling it out, drinking the sperm I found in that teenage tube, eating the multiple orgasms some stud must have pumped into her cunt. My hands were still planted hard on her butts, groping the bottom halves of her soft round orbs while she screwed my tongue sitting over me. Lacey was panting hard, cumming in little waves, then she let go of my head and grabbed the sofa's top edge with both hands. "Eat his cum out of me, Daddy, do it you prick!" Her almost-instantaneous orgasm made her ass clench and her legs shook, and Lacey let out an inhuman shriek at the top of her lungs. I felt her vagina leak its juices, further drenching my face and mouth and chin, and my tongue was deep inside her pink pussy throughout her intense climax. 

 "Oh fuck, Daddy, oh fuck that's good," my daughter cried, almost tearing from the multiple orgasms that were rapidly erupting one after another, "Daddy, taste the fuck in me!" 

 My arms tightened, holding her ass firmly and keeping her petite, 110-pound body above my face. She was pulling my head into her body as hard as she could, her pelvis pressing my face hard. With her cunt sealed on my lips, my tongue was doing all the work, thrusting deep in her wet slit, then pulling out, humping her in and out as fast as it could move, drawing juices and sperm from that hole so I could swallow them. The smell of male cum filled my nose and I felt the messy liquids even dripping down my neck, coating me in the flavors of Lacey's sex with another man. 

 "I'm cumming! I'm fucking cummminnng!" came more screaming from Lacey -- only, it was from the TV, her orgasms recorded during phonesex with some other man. But hearing it behind her, above my face in real time, my daughter screamed down to me, "Daddy, making me cum, so good, making me cum, eat the cum out of my cunt, Daddy!" 

 Her ass broke free of my hands, and her body suddenly dropped downwards. Next thing I knew, her smiling face was beaming at me, while her pelvis floated over my erection. She was reaching down with one hand, playfully looking into my eyes. "Daddy, you wanna fuck me now?" I didn't need to respond, I just smiled, as I felt my cockhead rubbing her wet pussylips. My daughter sank her naked body downwards more, grinding, and suddenly we were fucking on the sofa. 

 "Fuck you feel good!" roared her approving Daddy, eyes locked on the sight of her exquisite B-cup titties in front of me, her small tummy and her wet pelvis below, undulating as she began to hump my dick. 

 "Mmm, yeah, Daddy, fuck I'm horny." Her voice now was calm, settling in for a good long hump. She put both of her small hands on my naked shoulders, sitting upright, her bent knees pressed into the sofa alongside my hips. "Ooh Daddy, you're so hard, you been watching me get fucked huh?" 

 "I came three times already," I reported with a grin, proudly, "man, the sight of you fucking that huge cock, and you throwing up all over the other dick, fuck I cum every time baby." 

 Lacey's eyes closed partly, as she concentrated on the feeling of my engorged penis inside her tight sloppy-wet vagina. Her little hips pushed down, not so much bouncing on me but more squirming, rubbing her ass on my thighs, sliding my cock inside her tube in short motions. I felt deep in her, not as deep as I could be, but she was pressing her cunt as far down as possible. "Mmm, that's good," she said, although I'm not sure what she meant -- my watching her fuck on the DVD, or the feeling of my dick up her pussy right now. 

 But having my hot slutty daughter home from a "get-together" was putting a million thoughts in my head, all related. "So tell me, honey," I asked sweetly, letting my hands rest on her slender, soft hips, where her thighs bent out to straddle me, "tell me ALL about your hot fuck-fest tonight?" 

 She opened her eyes and looked at me teasingly, tilting her head and raising an eyebrow as if she was surprised I'd asked -- which, of course, she wasn't. Her hands on my shoulders slid inward, so her fingers were gently resting around the base of my neck, just to steady herself, and she leaned forward. I thought she was going to kiss me, but her tongue stuck out, and she licked some of the mess off of my cheek and jaw. "Mmm," she purred, rolling the liquids around her mouth before swallowing, "can you taste his cum in me, Daddy?" I nodded quickly. Her grin grew larger. "Yeah, we fucked in a motel room almost the whole time, I made him cum in me -- um, three times -- all up my pussy, can't you taste it?" 

 "Sure can!" Picturing a penis cumming up Lacey's cunt was what I do about every waking moment. "So gimme details, what did you two do, exactly?" 

 "Well," thought my daughter, still riding my cock rhythmically, rising and falling in slow motions, squeezing me with her pussy as she kept my dick deep, "um, like, first I sucked him a little in the car, driving over, then we got into the motel, and, um, like, he just, like, attacked me? Took off my clothes, and we got on the bed and, um, you know, were just, like, so horny, we just started fucking, no other playing, just fucking!" 

 I had to laugh, picturing her so horny she just wanted cock in her twat. For a first date with a man, it was about as slutty as she could get, I suppose. She once told me she met a man nude at our door, some guy she'd only met that day online, so I suppose there are degrees of being a total slut. I myself have experienced the joy of coming home from work and finding my cock in her mouth or pussy about 10 seconds after I entered the door. When she wants cock, she doesn't hold back. 

 Staring at her young, divine tits, I cupped both hands around her soft perky orbs, feeling their flesh and weight, pinching her pink little hard nipples a few times. She moaned, leaning back for me, letting me toy with them. "So did you cum a lot, baby? Did you two kiss a lot?" I like hearing the details, to picture it in my mind. 

 Lacey shrugged, fucking me steadily, now reaching her hands to my wrists so she could feel me fondling her breasts. "I came a lot, yeah, Daddy, but he was only okay -- I did most of the work at the end -- but I got off good." 

 Frowning, I pouted for her. "Awww, you don't sound like it was the best fuck ever?" 

 She shook her head. "Well, it was a good fuck, yeah, but not, no, not the best ever." 

 "Gonna fuck him again?" I pinched her nipple, for no reason, but drew a smile. 

 "Mmm, I dunno," my nude daughter shrugged while bouncing on my Daddy dick. "Right now I don't really care -- just fuck me, Daddy!" She leaned into my face again, licking the cum and juices off of my stubbly cheeks and chin, and kept licking to clean me off. I got goose bumps on my thighs, feeling her breath and tongue all over my face, sending chills through me, her wet pussy leaking all over my dick stuffed up her cunt. After obtaining a mouthful of the sauces on my skin, she swallowed and sat upright with a naughty glare. "Did you like tasting Charlie's sperm in me, Daddy? I can fuck him again if you wanna drink it out of me again!" 

 Interesting offer, which I answered with a playful slap of my hand on her buttcheek. She let out a laugh and grabbed my wrist to stop me, but I wasn't planning on another. "Baby," I smiled in her eyes, about to somewhat lie to her but because it's what she wanted to hear, I thought, "I don't care who's cum is in you, just spread and let me eat any of it!" 

 Lacey bent forward to kiss my lips, softly, before pushing upright again, then to my surprise, pushing up even more and climbing off of my cock and off of the sofa. I looked at her naked body, juices streaming down her slender thighs, and she watched me admire her nude body. "Well Daddy," she teased, standing in front of me, looking at my erection covered in her pussyjuice, "I'm going over to Joey's tomorrow afternoon, remember, his girlfriend is supposed to be out of town, you want me to cum home with his sperm in me, then you can eat it out?" Then she pointed her thumb backwards, indicating the TV in a general way. "Maybe, I can even bring the videocamera, you want me to tape him fucking me?" 

 "That sounds like a plan," I grinned, liking the concept, but my eyes and thoughts were focused on Lacey's naked vagina. "So, what's this, are you, are we through fucking for now, or what?" 

 My horny daughter laughed at the silly question. "Daddy! Please, no way - - let's go to bed, you can cum in me there, I want to fall asleep in your arms!" 

 She reached out for my hand, and helped me to my feet. I loved her thought, and it's exactly what we did. 

 (And, oh yes, about 24 hours later, she let me fuck her doggy-style while I watched about a 30 minute tape of this stud Joey making her scream.) Report_Story 
