Sloppy Sex with a Horny Latina
==============================
#1 

 

 

===

"Well, I have like 45 minutes to kill," sang the high-pitched, sweet teen voice of my daughter's curvy Latina friend Marisa, "would you like a sloppy blowjob?" 

 My ears weren't expecting that question, and I swear I must have blushed. Perverted middle-aged fathers don't get that question often, or at least, this one doesn't. Or hasn't before at least. Maybe she saw me staring at her ample boobs in her tight babydoll, or she detected my eyes on her stellar round butt in that thin little skirt a few minutes earlier. Or maybe she was just fucking clairvoyant, because she read my mind. 

 Try to sound fucking confident, the little voice from my little brain down below told me, don't screw this up for me. "Uh," came out my stupid response at first, "well, uh, I mean -- duh -- fuck!" I was looking right at her round, bronze face, decorated with abundant eyeliner and lipstick, her full jet-black hair blown in cascading waves around her pretty face. Ok, now try to sound like an adult, I thought. "Fuck, Marisa, I don't -- I mean, I hope you don't think - -" 

 "I can, if you want." She stood next to the big oak desk in my basement home office, her small hand on her hip as her 18-year-old body was cocked to one side. She was probably a size 8 or so, but that babydoll looked about a size 4 or 6; it was clinging to her body, and those round breasts (undoubtedly C or D cup, or more) and the bra around them were stretching the material of her pink babydoll top. An inch-long dark shadow of cleavage sat right above to top edge of the plunging babydoll, a teasing sample of the hot teen tits inside. The girl smiled at me playfully; it was not the grin of a shy virgin. "I'm pretty good." 

 No doubt about that, my horny adult mind agreed. "Oh, I'm sure a fucking gorgeous girl like you gets plenty of, um, opportunities, to practice." Mental wince; did I just call her a slut? But she was still grinning at me. "Seriously, though, I mean, I'm more than twice your age, and if, you know . . . ." I left my voice to trail off on the obvious implication of the brooding "if" -- if my daughter Denise found out, or worse, if my bitchy wife did. 

 The high school senior's demeanor didn't change one bit, she kept looking at me with her big brown eyes and toothy smile. She wasn't embarrassed for asking. "Oh, if you don't, that's all good, but --" Then, for the first time, she looked a bit shy. Her eyes squinted, her smile grew even larger. "You're just really cute. We don't have to tell anyone." 

 Goddamned, this young Latina doll sure knew how to give a grown man an erection. "Wow, thanks -- that's really sweet. And," I winked, "you're ridiculously sexy, but I'm sure a million guys have told you that." 

 I began to wonder if she came over to our house early looking for my daughter, knowing that Denise and her mom were not going to be home until after 5:30, because of band practice today. Did Marisa invite herself into the house to wait for Denise, a pretextual excuse to get alone with me? That thought actually made me feel good. However, until twenty seconds ago, Marisa hadn't really been flirty at all. Maybe she was just really horny. 

 The busty Latina rolled her soft eyes at my compliment. "Oh, stop, like I'm so sure." Then I saw her eyes move to my crotch, as I was sitting on my big leather chair in front of her. And she probably saw a bulge, because my penis had shot to nearly full size in my slacks. "So do you want one?" 

 Take a deep breath, and think this through, screamed the voice of sanity between my ears. She's 18, I'm married, and so forth. But she's really pretty. 

 "Fuck yeah," I giggled, rolling my big desk chair away from my desk with a slight push. I let the chair coast into the empty space between the desk and credenza against the wall, and the chair rotated slightly so I was squarely facing the young woman. My feet were already apart, knees to the sides, and I only had to lean back by shoving my butt forward a few inches to expose my crotch entirely. "I can't believe you're asking, I think you were reading my mind." 

 The long-haired brunette caked in makeup shrugged her slight shoulders as she stepped forward and dropped to her knees. This is really happening, and the realization made me shiver with a satisfying warmth. My eyes tracked her hands with keen interest, as her dainty brown fingers reached forward and slid up my legs. It seemed just about every one of her fingers spotted a colorful costume jewel. She was smiling at my face, a very intelligent and amicable stare, then she glanced down just as her fingers traced over my crotch. I moaned softly and she did too, her fingers detecting my meaty erection inside my pants and underwear. I watched her do all the work, unfastening then unzipping my slacks. Quickly I sweated, wondering how dirty my underwear was, but she was hooking her fingers inside my waist to grab both my slacks and boxers simultaneously. I lifted my hips so my butt cleared my seat, using my hands and shoulders to press against the chair and keep it steady. She had to yank a couple of times, but she got my clothing moving downward. 

 The cool air of my home office hit my hot burning erection, making me throb even hotter. That's when the Latina's eyes fell on my adult penis, and I am not making this up, her plush, red lips stretched even wider. "Oh wow," her high- pitched, high school voice cooed, as she spied my tool for the first time. She let out an even more convincing exclamation of satisfaction at what she had just uncovered. "Jesus, mister, that's big." 

 My thick, seven inches of glory pulsated on my pelvis in front of her, my pants and underwear down to my knees. I leaned back more, thrusting my pelvis forward to my shirt hiked up and my cock and balls were more fully on display to her. She looked down just momentarily to remove my clothing off my feet; fortunately I was wearing only black ankle socks and no shoes. She left the socks on, crawling forward more on her knees, pushing my hairy legs open. Her big eyes returned to stare at my aching dick, and there was no question that she was impressed. "Mmmmm, it's so big!" Her eyes looked up at my face and her long eyelashes batted, and she broke out in a little giggle. "Tee hee, you have a great cock." 

 I was about to thank her, but her two small soft hands wrapped around my base, and I just couldn't help but groan deeply. I felt precum stream out of my aching fat cockhead, as her palms closed on the bottom half of my shaft and her thin fingers curled around the rigid wide shaft. She played with my erection a couple of moments, pointing it to the ceiling and using her hands together to squeeze and pump it slowly, just the fat base. Her eyes examined my wide mushroom head now all messy with clear precum, but she also looked below my big shaft at my hairy balls which were filling with cum for her. 

 If she kept stroking me like that, she probably could have made me cum in a few minutes anyway. That shadow of cleavage in her tight babydoll looked twice as large now, as she leaned forward. I was watching her pretty face with all her jet-black hair swaying around it, but the sight of her tits stretching out her top was too fantastic to ignore. I almost didn't notice as she leaned forward and opened her lips. 

 "Fuck!" I gasped, as the teenager's wet fat lips surrounded my messy cockhead. Marisa instantly sucked my round soft helmet in her warm mouth, and I could feel her juicy, silky tongue slide around my cockhead inside that mouth. She tasted my precum and sucked out a few more drips in the vacuum between her cheeks, while her hands squeezed the bottom few inches of my concrete pole. Her eyes looked up at mine diffidently, the look of a girl in lust with a hard penis in her mouth, then her purple-painted eyelids closed as she swallowed another inch or so of my erection. Her mouth was incredibly wet and warm, and with her hands clasped around the bottom of my cock, she had most of my dick surrounded. 

 Marisa proceeded to suck the top few inches, bobbing her pretty face slowly, sucking maybe three or so inches into her mouth then sliding back up until just the cockhead remained inside her lips. As her lips retreated up my cock, she left behind slight amounts of smeared lipstick and glistening drips of her saliva. Her hands on my base pumped slowly, squeezing hard, moving in unison in the opposite direction, pushing the outer skin of my cut cock down towards my balls. Then after sucking the cockhead a second or two, swirling her wet tongue over it, she lowered her lips again and began feeing meat into her mouth, while her hands moved upwards on my fat dick. I groaned when finally her lips met her hands, she had just about all 7 inches of my dick surrounded by her hands or her mouth. I felt pressure on my cockhead as it pressed against the back of her tight mouth, almost bending my dick to fit inside her mouth. 

 She slurped my engorged erection, slobbering on it, coating it in a thick wad of saliva. I felt her warm breath gasp over my penis as she exhaled, then she began moving upwards again, leaving behind an even more wet cock. This time her lips came all of the way off of my dick and she sat back on her ankles, staring at my long adult cock in her two hands. She wrapped one hand more firmly around my cock, her thumb trying to reach around unsuccessfully to her palm, while her other hand slipped down to my hairy scrotum. Instinctively I spread my legs even wider, almost hooking them over the armrests of my chair, and the Latina slut cupped my aching balls in her other hand and felt them softly. She grinned at me, almost looking embarrassed at her curiosity, but her eyes were focused again on my rigid wet erection sticking straight up. Her hand began to pump me slowly, riding almost to the top, then pushing down to the base. Very slowly and deliberately, working me, feeling how hard and hot my cock was. 

 "I love your cock," the teen giggled amorously. 

 I couldn't stop a cheesy reply. "It loves you, honey." 

 The Latina giggled and leaned forward, her pink tongue sticking out. She cupped her hand around the topside of my shaft, exposing the soft underside, and she planted her warm tongue on the base of my dick down near my balls. Then in one slow, maddening motion, she moved her wet tongue northward up along the soft underside, going all the way to the top. I almost cried out with pleasure, and my hips rose an inch to keep her tongue on my dick just a bit longer. She laughed at feeling me move my dick to follow her small wet tongue, then as her tongue neared the top of my erection, she rose up on her knees to position her head directly above my cock. Her long silky black hair spilled down, falling on my naked thighs, as she stuck her tongue down and slurped it in circular motions around my soft bulbous helmet and the sensitive ring underneath it. Her fist on my dick continued to pump me up and down, spreading her saliva around my shaft as lubricant. Then I felt even more saliva dripping down my penis; Marisa was drooling over my cock, getting it extra-wet. 

 The girl sat back on her heels, admiring her handiwork. Her small brown hand was pumping my long aching cock, and saliva was smeared all over my dick and her fingers and palm. I could feel her hand gliding now on my dick, and little squishy noises filled the room along with our deep breaths as her fingers and palm stroked my drenched dick. Her fist moved a little faster, up and down. She smiled past my cock to grin at my face, and she blew me a precious little kiss. "You like?" 

 "Fuck yes," I slurred, in a trance. Looking at her pretty face and feeling her hand stroking my lubricated erection was making my balls want to explode. "You're really fucking good, making me so fucking hard." 

 "Mmm, good," purred the sultry vixen, leaning forward again. She wrapped her lips around my cockhead and sucked it hard, licking the precum off again, then she held my dick upright and for a second time licked just the sensitive underside of my shaft. Her lips descended to the fat base, and my wet erection momentarily pressed against her cheeks and nose, getting her face a little damp. Her fist grabbed my cock again and this time pulled it back, and her wet young mouth moved of my hairy balls. I pulled my knees back very far now, my hands under them to lift my legs over the armrests, and I must have let out a little yelp that made her giggle. She sucked my fat balls into her gentle warm mouth, expertly rolling them between lips and tongue, slobbering on them too. 

 "Fuck that's good," I moaned, my eyes rolling at the insanely delicious pleasure I was feeling. I knew I was going to erupt with one huge orgasm, but I was trying to hold it back as long as I could. 

 Her mouth suckled my balls a few seconds until my thick dark hair was matted with saliva, then she moved her tongue and lips upwards again, to the cockhead. Her fist wrapped around the base and just held it tightly, fingers and thumb wrapped in a circle around the base directly where it protruded from my balls. With my dick pointing upwards, she stuffed two or three inches of cock into her teenage mouth and continued to suck it while washing her tongue all over it. I throbbed hard inside her mouth and felt her saturating my erection with a bath of warm saliva. It was an amazing feeling and undoubtedly the best fucking blowjob I could remember; although, my wife hadn't given me one for quite a few years, and the one I used to get from either our pretty immigrant housekeeper a few years ago or from our company's hot receptionist at work weren't nearly this good. 

 Marisa was moaning over my penis, pushing as much into her mouth as she could until my cockhead was against the entrance to her throat. I wondered if she'd deep-throat me, but she wasn't trying to. Instead she just sucked the top part of my stiff erection inside her mouth while her hand worked the lower part, gliding noisily up and down the base as it pumped and squeezed. Each time her fist pushed down, the bottom of her hand pressed into my balls slightly, drawing a series of little pleasured groans from the 40-something married father she was blowing. 

 After sucking my penis deep in her mouth for a couple of minutes, she suddenly popped off, sitting upright and sucking in air. Her thick puffy lips were drooling with saliva, which was dripping down her chin and cheeks, and her lipstick was smeared too. She looked really sexy, with her big brown eyes full of lust. "I love your cock," she repeated, her lungs heaving while her fist continued to squeeze and jerk my wet erection. 

 Her deep breaths were making those hot tits heave, and my eyes were glued to them. I couldn't resist. "If you really, really, really wanna make this the hottest, best blowjob I've ever had," I moaned, although lying because it probably already was, "would you, maybe, let me see those incredibly hot tits of yours?" 

 I winced as I asked, wondering if I was crossing some kind of line. I had always assumed the young girls were giving out blowjobs nowadays like I used to get French kisses in my time, some kind of re-drawing of lines probably instigated by Presidential proclamations that blowjobs weren't sex. So I wasn't sure if it was proper for a girl to strip for a blowjob; and I didn't want her to think I was angling for fucking, because she hadn't offered it to me. 

 But Marisa grinned politely and almost proudly, my request obviously indicating my pleasure for her shape. "Sure, if you want." She immediately reached to her waist and grabbed her babydoll, and moments later she was pulling it off of her head and away from her long flowing hair. She had a white cotton bra that was barely containing her mounds. Marisa didn't move slowly, she reached around to find the hook of her bra, and as soon as it unsnapped she pulled her top off. 

 I whistled, because those teenage tits were divine. They were not quite as brown as the rest of her, a bit of a tanned cream color; perfectly smooth and soft and just big and fucking around. Her areolas were deep reddish-brown and not larger than a quarter, and her nipples were hard, pointy knobs. My eyes were glued on sight. She sat back on her heels, arching her back to show off her rack, and I could see her eyes smiling when she saw my reaction to her bust. She didn't have to ask if I liked them. 

 Marisa let me stare at her boobs a couple of seconds, then she leaned down to suck my dick again. Her hand grabbed my wet cock and she began licking her tongue around the cockhead, kissing my tip time to time. Pumping my shaft was making my balls ache, and I could feel something building inside of me. I could smell her feminity, not only her sweat from her exposed naked top but also the sharp, distinct scent of wet pussy. She was obviously wet in her panties or whatever she had on under her thin skirt, and the idea that I was making an 18 year old girl wet was getting me ever closer to cumming. 

 I put a hand on the back of her head, feeling how soft her long hair was. "Oh fuck yes, baby," I grunted, pushing my dick up against her tongue, encouraging her to take it into her mouth. She did, wrapping lips around it, sucking my top few inches of my cock into her warm, wet mouth again. I wasn't pressing her head down but just feeling it bob, as her head made little up and down motions with her tongue swirling around my cockhead inside her tight closed lips. She had a single ring formed by one finger and her thumb, pushing down my shaft to press into my balls, then she's move her hand up to her lips and form the ring again and push her finger and thumb all the way down once more; and over and over she did that, while her lips and tongue worked on my cockhead. 

 My cock was getting so close to cumming, and I wanted it to last, at least so I wasn't faster than the boys at school she sucked. Or other men, I mean, I had no idea who's cock got inside this Latin mouth, but she surely was getting a lot of practice. 

 To stall the inevitable, I leaned up and reached a hand down, under her, to feel one of her boobs. The moment my hand wrapped around it, my fingers cupping it and palm brushing her hard nipple, I let out a little grunt. It was like the perfect tit, teenage and perky and big and soft. Marisa pushed her fingers down my shaft one last time and licked my drenched cockhead with a last flick of her tongue, then she leaned up on her knees between my legs, bringing her chest higher. I could now cup her other tit, and I immediately began groping and fondling those twin boobs anxiously. Fuck they were so soft and pliable, but so big. Her skin rolled around my palms, and I traced her rock hard nipples with my thumbs, teasing them in rapid movements as my thumbs rotated around those bumps. Marisa smiled up at me, arching her back for me. My mouth watered as my eyes and hands enjoyed her breasts, and I went for it. I leaned down, mouth open, moving to suck one of those melons. 

 Marisa's mouth intercepted mine, maybe she thought I was going to kiss her. I moaned in surprise, but smelled then felt the teenager's face directly under mine. Her open mouth slammed into my gaping mouth, and her tongue thrust forward. I hadn't expected it but I didn't argue. I let her tongue invade my mouth where my lips closed on it, and my tongue began licking her mouth. I tasted cock in her mouth, and actually, it was exciting. She moaned in a high- pitched whine, sucking in air through her nose while we began French kissing madly. We were humping each other's mouths with our tongues, our tongues licking each other and then darting around each other's mouths, licking teeth and cheeks and gums. Marisa kept a hand around my shaft, more holding it than stroking it, while both my hands fondled her boobs and lovingly pinched her rigid nipples time to time. 

 I loved how the teen kissed, it was so erotic and horny, way better than my wife. Our lips parted and we both had our tongues stuck out in the air between our faces, just our tongues touching, licking each other. I couldn't help but groan at how sexy it felt, and I heard Marisa squeal too at the playful dancing of our tongues over each other. We both began making sensuous moaning noises with our jaws and lips open, just lapping each other's wet tongue lustfully.  

 

 

===

"You're fucking awesome," I exclaimed, pulling back to examine her pretty face, dripping with saliva from her thick lips and thin chin. 

 Her lips closed, she licked her lips and she smiled. "You're a good kisser," she informed me quietly. Then she returned to work, lowering her mouth down to my cock. Since I was sitting upright, I got a look now at her naked back and her thin skirt over her hips and ass. I could make out the curves of her buttocks, which were round and fleshy. I couldn't stop wondering if she'd let me see that ass too, and maybe get some personal time with her wet Latin kitty. I asked myself, wonder if she's shaved at all. 

 I felt her put both of her small hands on my thighs, and she pushed her head down with her lips wrapped around my erection. "Oh fuck!" I screamed, feeling her sucking me so deep, and I laid back in my chair with my feet now way out on the floor, legs spread open. I looked down and the brunette was milking my penis with her tight lips, pumping her mouth up and down, sucking the top few inches as her lips slid down the shaft then pulled up to the tip, again and again. My ass began to rock a little, fucking her mouth. She moaned, and I could feel the buzzing vibrations in my penis, adding to the sensational feelings. Her lips were dripping with saliva, she was leaving thick streams of spit on my cock as she worked her mouth up and down the shaft, her tongue always licking my meat inside her warm mouth. 

 "Oh fuck yeah," I grunted, gripping the armchairs. I could feel a massive orgasm wanting to erupt; I feared my cockhead was literally going to explode in her mouth, it was aching so badly. 

 Marisa was working me hard now. Her small hands were wrapped on my meaty, hairy thighs, and her neck was stiff as she bobbed her head and entire torso up and down my dick. She had my cock pointed towards her, so as I leaned back, it was at a very deflected angle from my abdomen. I could see her breasts swaying as her mouth slid up and down my cock. I groaned appreciatively, and she responded by wrapping one of her hands around my shaft's fat base again. "Yeah!" I exclaimed, feeling her four fingers and thumb grip and squeeze my meat while her mouth and lips were pumping above. I could see sweat beading on her forehead, her chest was a little perspiry too from putting all her body in the blowjob. 

 She pulled up then stuck her tongue out, and began just licking my cockhead and shaft, her face moving all around as she flicked and licked her tongue at every angle. "So good baby," Marisa moaned in a husky young voice, "I love your cock." She wasn't looking up at me, her eyes were glassy, staring off into space while she gazed in the direction of my stomach. I pulled my shirt up to reveal my tummy, which was mostly flat and a source of pride for me, but she wasn't really focused on looking at my stomach. Her tongue was rubbing and slurping my cockhead and shaft, coating me with more saliva, and each time her fist moved up to jerk me, it gathered more saliva and spread it around to the aching base of my shaft. 

 Marisa filled her mouth with saliva, and she moved her lips to just the swollen cockhead. I leaned back, watching, her hand around the base of my dick to keep it pointed straight upwards. Leaning over my erection, the 18 year old opened her mouth and allowed a thick glob of saliva to dribble downwards, coating my cockhead then slowly dripping down the shaft. Very slowly. She smiled at me, brushing some of her long dark hair over her ear, keeping her hand on the base of my penis and giving her saliva time to drip down my dick. My cock was so hard, I could feel it throbbing in the air as she held it. I laughed, maddened at how her thick drool was slowly coating my cock. Marisa mercifully moved her hand upwards, gathering the spit with her fingers, then drawing her hand down my shaft to coat her saliva on it more. Then the slut did it again, holding my cock at the base and using her tongue to push a wad of gooey clear saliva out of her mouth to coat my erection again. 

 My dick was getting extremely wet, sloppy like she promised. Her hand and chin were a gooey mess. My eyes were glued to my cock and her pretty face, as she now moved her lips forward and pressed them against the underside of my cock. Marisa's tongue flattened on my dick, and she began moving her lips vertically up and down my cockshaft, spreading her saliva around and applying even more. I groaned, pulling my legs open, my penis was so hard it was hurting. 

 She smiled, pulling back to admire how wet my big dick was. I could see she really liked the size of my erection. She stroked it now, her hand sliding through the messy saliva all over my cock, and her eyes stared at the sight. Then her eyes caught mine, and she giggled. I moaned to let her know I was loving her attention. 

 My daughter's friend put her mouth over my cockhead, and she swallowed me again. I tried not to move, wanting her to do all the work, but as her warm mouth descended on my erection, my hips bucked and I pushed some meat into her mouth. She moaned, feeling me fucking her, and she put her tongue flat on the bottom of my erection while her lips were sucking the cockhead and top inch of the shaft. I instinctively thrust forward again, sliding a couple inches more of my shaft into her mouth, and she just hung her mouth there, moaning so I could feel the vibrations on my dick. She was wanting me to fuck her mouth. So I grabbed the armrests of my chair, and I slowly pumped my hips up and down, sliding my cock in and out of that pretty teenage mouth. Our eyes met, smiling together, and she looked so beautiful with a penis in her thick lips. 

 I could feel that surging in my balls, the butterflies in my stomach. My dick was so close to cumming; fucking this warm wet mouth was insanely wonderful. I was gasping, moving my cock in and out of her mouth while I tried to breath slowly and hold back the impending orgasm. I think she knew it too, her other hand massaging my balls, and her mouth seemed to suck my penis harder, creating more of a vacuum that edged my throbbing dick closer to orgasm. 

 "Fuck yes," I swore, almost painfully, balls hurting so bad. 

 Suddenly her big brown eyes looked up at me. Marisa knew a man; she was aware of the signs. She moved her mouth back off my cock for a brief instant. "I want your cum, baby," she moaned, her tongue pausing only briefly before continuing to lick my throbbing penis. 

 I laughed, trying to play it coy. "Well, if you insist." 

 Marisa's 18 year old lips swallowed my cockhead and she pushed her fist down around my base, her hand pressing my balls again, this time holding me there. Damn, the bitch knows what a man wants. I instinctively pressed my pelvis forward against her fist and mouth, keeping the pressure intense for a moment, then I pulled back for a partial second before gyrating and thrusting forward again. She pumped my cock with her fist when I reared back then when my pelvis lurched up, she pushed her fist down again. I was so fucking close. 

 "Shit!" I screamed, out of control. 

 I gasped and felt it, my balls exploded. With my cockhead inside her mouth and her fist down around my base, my penis ejaculated. I felt the first squirt of hot semen shoot through my tube out of my cockhead, creating a piercing, almost painful burn right at the spot where it squirted out. My first glob of semen spewed into Marisa's mouth. Her hand felt my shaft convulsing and then she tasted my cum, and she knew she succeeded. She leaned back on her heels, taking her mouth off, looking at my cock while her fist held it upright. I couldn't stop it, I began cumming hard. Wave after wave of semen shot up my shaft, shooting into the air then splattering down noisily. Globs and globs of hot, creamy jism were landing in pools on my cock and thighs and abdomen, and all over her brown little hand. Marisa didn't flinch, her fist was pumping my shaft in rhythm with my ejaculations, drawing out more and more semen with each jerk. She was smiling, her tongue out, watching me cum in her hand. 

 "Oh fucking shit, oh fuck," I panted, feeling more cum dribbling out, "oh fuck, baby, oh shit, oh that is so fucking good, so good." I too was sweating now, my knit shirt soaking from sweat already. 

 Marisa loosened her grip on my dick but pumped it still until every last drop was out, making a mess on her hand and my body. Her broad lips were tweaked up with a girlish smile, while her brown eyes stared at the liquid continuing to dribble out of my cock's eyehole each time her hand slid up and squeezed out another drop. I found myself staring at the look on her face, even more sexy than those two big teen tits she had. 

 I leaned back, allowing her to continue to stroke my spent dick, which remained perfectly rigid because of how hot she was. "Fuck that was awesome," I muttered, wiping sweat off my forehead, "you give one good fucking blowjob." 

 She wrinkled her nose and eyebrows at me, "Thanks," while still holding my dick. 

 It was a pregnant moment, a pause after my orgasm when normally I guess we'd probably be done. But she was so sexy, those breasts of hers so hot, I wanted to keep the moment going. "Hey," I moaned with a wink, "rub your tits against it, let me feel those big tits." 

 "Oh?" She giggled at the request, but she liked it. She leaned up, arched her back, pushing those twin beauties towards me. "Like this?" Holding my dick upright with her finger and thumb in a circle at the base, she arched her torso towards me and kissed the tip of her hard brown nipple on my bulbous, messy cockhead. I was hardly breathing, watching that moment as tit and cock touched. She giggled and wiggled my erection with her hand, slapping my meat on her boob and around her nipple, smearing sperm onto her skin. She and I watched it intently, it looked so sexy with my white-hot, reddened penis, all angry and rigid, against her creamy-tan, soft smooth round breast. The feeling of her skin being covered in sperm was amazing, then she rubbed the sperm around with the pulsating hot shaft of my erection, and I could feel the softness of her tit against my dick. I moaned, she did too. She twisted to put her other breast on my penis, and more cum smeared onto that other mound, and she rubbed her nipple around the shaft and cockhead. 

 "Fuck that's sexy," I said with my mouth full of saliva, staring at her sexy boobs, "how big are they, they are so fucking hot." 

 The high school senior giggled again, although she didn't sound surprised that I liked her rack. "Um, they're usually D cups, I mean, that's what I usually wear." 

 D cups! I had never fucked a girl with tits that big before. She was gorgeous and that wasn't even considering that her breasts were amazing and huge. "You are so sexy, your tits are so sexy -- titfuck me, wrap them around my cock, honey." 

 "Yeah." She was already thinking that. Leaning over my pelvis, she cupped her breasts in her hands and sandwiched my messy erection. I pushed my pelvis forward, staring. Her big creamy tits swallowed my shaft, and I could feel her flat breastplate against the underside of my dick. She moved her entire body up and down, and as she slid down the head of my dick poked out from between those melons. The sides of my cock felt her soft orbs, and she squeezed my cock between our bodies as she leaned forward. "Oh yeah," moaned the young slut. 

 "Fuck," I agreed, staring at her tits surrounding my erection. 

 Marisa sat back on her heels again, releasing my cock, and she grabbed it with her soft hand. My cock and balls were sticky with sperm, and now her breasts were too; I could see the semen rubbed over her nipples and titties. It was very sexy. "Fuck," she exclaimed in surprise, her hand wrapping around my bone and feeling its size and girth, "you're still so hard!" 

 It was a complement I'd had from girls in the past, and I'd forgotten how teens like the guys Marisa had probably been sucking were likely going soft after cumming. I shrugged like it was no big deal. "I guess you aren't used to man- size cocks," I grinned. 

 She pushed her long dark hair off her face and gave me a warm, toothy grin back. "Nope, I guess not," she purred, "I like it." 

 I saw how she was looking at my dick and I wanted more, a lot more. "Well, if you wanna suck it more, be my guest," I moaned, lying flatter on my chair so my cock jutted upright more, and I could spread my knees wider too. "But," I added in a low tone, "you have to promise me that I get to return the favor, let me lick your pussy then." 

 Now, like her original proposition to me that started our little love fest, my condition caught her by surprise. "Oh really?" She looked at me with a smile and raised eyebrow as if none of her previously guys had asked her that, or at least, not offered as part of a blowjob. "You really would?" 

 "Oh I definitely will," I promised with a nod, my mouth already wetting at the thought of getting her nude and licking her vagina. "You think I can get you to cum a few times in my mouth?" 

 Marisa didn't answer immediately, she stared at me like I was talking fantasy, then she blushed and laughed and nodded. "Oh, fuck, where have you been all my life?" 

 I can promise you, I was thinking about more than merely licking her vagina, but I didn't want to push that envelope at the moment. Maybe later, I told myself. But I looked at the clock, and realized we didn't have a lot of "later" -- my wife and daughter would be home probably in about 20 or 25 minutes. And we still had to clean ourselves up, because the odor definitely screamed "sex and orgasms." So I sneered confidently at her, getting a very horny idea in my head. "This is definitely going to be fun -- tell you what, let me call and see how much time we have, and you can let me watch you strip while I do that." I reached for the phone on my desk, while I watched her face for her answer. 

 She beamed with another smile and nodded vibrantly, her hair bouncing around her face. "Okay, sure." She quickly stood up, looking at my eyes to be sure they were aimed at her. Only I stalled, looking to my phone to dial my daughter's cell phone number. I could have dialed the wife, but under the circumstances, I didn't want to hear her voice. When the phone was ringing, I looked again towards Marisa's hot tits and sultry waist in her thin, knee- length skirt. She put her hands on her, hips, causing her back to arch and stick those cum-covered, big nude tits towards me, while she waited for my phone call. 

 I don't need to go into details. My daughter answered and, as my eyes continuously gazed at the topless body of her friend, I confirmed the worst. They left early from practice. My wife and daughter had just left the school parking lot, and they'd be home in about 15 minutes. 

 "Fuck," I swore as I dropped the phone to end the call, "they'll be here in like 15 minutes." I pouted at Marisa, then let my eyes trail down her sexy, curvy body. She didn't have much fat on her tummy, and her hips had an hourglass shape. She had long legs, that was for sure. One fucking hot body; maybe her thighs and butt had a bit of excess she could lose, maybe 15 pounds or so, but I was absolutely not going to complain. She was the hottest girl I'd ever been naked with. 

 "Mmm, is that right," Marisa moaned at the report, and her reaction suggested that she thought it was a lot of time. Her smile was ear to ear, her eyes were wide and alive. Her hands were on her hips, with her thumbs hooked inside the elastic waistband of her skirt. "So what are we waiting for?" As she said that, she straightened her arms downward, bending with her boobs dropping, and she pushed her skirt down her creamy tanned thighs. The skirt came loose once it passed her knees, and she stood upright, entirely naked except for a pair of clean, white cotton panties with pink waistband. Seeing me gazing at her pelvis and crotch, she slowly rotated until her butt and back were facing me, and she was looking at me over her shoulder. The high school's nickname, "CHARGERS" was written across the backside of her panties. I snickered, thinking it was a little presumptuous that high school girls would be using their panties to advertise their school allegiance. But it did look damn good across Marisa's round, curvy buttocks. 

 She watched me stare at her ass, as her thumbs hooked in the waistband of the panties. Then she bent forward a second time, and she pushed the panties down her fabulous teen butt. I must have gasped audibly, seeing her soft smooth butt cheeks then, finally, that dark thatch of hair under and between them. My penis felt even harder, and I actually grabbed it myself and squeezed it as I ravenously watched her lower her panties to her dainty ankles and step out of them. She stood upright, knees together, showing off her naked ass and looking at me proudly. Then she spun around again to face me, her hands flat on her curvy hips, her face blushing for the first time like a naughty schoolgirl. Her big round tits and flat tummy were delicious, but my eyes rocketed to the sight of her crotch. Dark tufts of pubic hair, not particularly thick but instead wispy and inviting. I couldn't see any pink at the moment, but I could see the soft roundness of her lips. The smooth, bronze skin of her upper, inner thighs glistened in the late-afternoon sunlight, showing how wet her pussy already was. I wanted her so badly. 

 "You're so fucking gorgeous," I panted, my hand slowly stroking my dick as I stared at her naked teenage body, "so fucking hot." 

 "Here," she smiled, stepping forward towards me, "let me do that for you." If I had a thought that she might just climb on me to fuck me, I was wrong. Marisa returned to her knees between my legs, naked now, her small slender hand reaching out to take my penis from my own hand. She wrapped her fingers around my bone, holding it upright, and her lips returned to it. I watched eagerly as Marisa's pouty, messy lips swallowed my round cockhead and sucked it into the vacuum her cheeks were creating. Her warm, wet tongue brushed against the sensitive underside of my dick inside her mouth, undoubtedly now tasting my sperm still coating my cock. 

 I moaned deeply. "Oh yes baby, yeah, suck it." I reached to grab my knees again, spreading open my legs and I laid back on my big office chair, watching the perfect teenager sucking my erection. 

 She looked up at me with pouty eyes, her lips swallowing the fat shape of my cockhead and bone. She kept looking at me, the little slut, while she sucked another inch or two into her mouth, suckling and milking it, her tongue washing over it. Then she began to pump her mouth on it with a rhythm, moving faster up and down, pushing her mouth down as far as she could while she could still be looking at me. 

 "Fuck," she grunted, jerking my cock with one hand while she sat up and caught her breath for a second, and licked the flavors in her mouth, "it's so hard after you just cummed." Then she stuck my penis back inside her mouth, sucking it as hard as she could while licking it with her tongue. 

 I leaned back, watching in amazement, as the young slut sucked and worshipped my boner with her thick lips and juicy tongue. It was making me incredibly hard for her. My penis wanted to fuck something besides her mouth, but I assumed that was not an option. It was actually making me a little disappointed; in the few minutes we had left, I probably wasn't going to cum again. And her fantastic blowjob was making me really hard, extremely horny. I let her suck me another minute, getting my penis so sloppy wet and hard, then I moved the show to another stage. "Honey, I wanna lick your pussy so badly, so badly." 

 Noisily, she pulled her lips back and off of my dong, a string of drool dropping down my shaft over her hand. "You do huh?" Her eyes half-closed as she salivated on the thought. "I'd love that too."  

 

 

===

She stood up slowly, giving me another look at that precious naked teenage body. I think she was enjoying how I stared at her naked body, maybe appreciating it more than teenage boys did. Softly smiling in my direction, she paused as if waiting for me. I hadn't thought ahead as to where I was going to put her, so I quickly had to decide between laying her out on my desktop, having her sit in my chair, or spreading her open on my floor. The basement home office had a rough, worn carpet that wasn't that comfortable. And the idea of having a teenage girl spread her pussy open for me on my desk was really exciting. 

 With a swoop of my arm, I pushed aside stacks of paper from my desk, sending them and some pencils and even a calculator crashing to my carpet. Marisa giggled. I pushed back the computer and patted the big empty space on my solid oak desk. "Come on over here, sweetie," I giggled. 

 The teenager stepped towards me, reaching her hand out so I could take it and guide her. I pushed my chair back a bit and swiveled to face my desk, as she moved between me and the desk. Her naked body was inches in front of mine; I could easily smell that wet pussy. I had a vision that she'd just crawl on top of me and ride my cock, choosing fucking to being eaten, but that was just fantasy of mine. She hopped her round butt up onto my desk, and then leaned backwards to put her elbows behind herself. I grabbed her knees and lifted open her legs, spreading them apart. My eyes fell on her vagina, pink and glistening wet, surrounded by wisps of dark pubic hair. 

 "Fuck that's hot," I panted, staring at her cunt. 

 Marisa was breathing deep, her eyes fluttering. The 18 year old Latina had a slight tremble, as she laid back, and her big brown lustful eyes stared at me intensely. She watched me examine her pussy. I saw how wet it was, liquid was dripping from her lips and pooled on her smooth buttocks and thighs around it. The aroma was musky and sweet. It was inviting. Below, as she stretched open her legs, I saw her little red anus, a puckered little hole also waiting for attention. 

 My hands firmly on her knees, pressing them almost to her chest, I leaned forward and kissed the backside of her thigh. I tasted her wetness and sweat, and my cock throbbed. Knowing my wife was in a car driving home, I couldn't do what I really wanted -- run my tongue over her body until Marisa was gasping for it to get inside her vagina. I started licking directly down her leg, through the drips of juices, right up to the hair around her pussy. The teenager moaned a little, her head fell back, her big tits heaved on her chest. I looked up at those beautiful breasts, then at her face, watching her reaction. I shoved my tongue out and rammed it hard on her wet teenage clitty, and it was saturated in wet flavor. The brunette grunted from deep, her head fell back more, and her body shook. My lips surrounded her little moist knob, suckling it from the hood around it, and Marisa's hands reached down to my head to clutch at what hair I still had. Her body was urgent, desperate for this probing of her genitals. She panted while she whined, "Uhhhhoooo," something animal and instinctual. 

 I reached one hand up to her chest, cupping and fondling one her big boobs again. It was sticky from my cum. Her pussy tasted so sweet, I wanted to dive into her hole, but I wanted to excite her by stimulating that clitoris. I closed my lips hard around her clit and tugged at it, feeling her ass start to gyrate from the pressure. Then I released my lips and dug my tongue tip into the flesh around it, pushing her clitty around in circles, getting her juices dripping down her buttocks. I flattened my tongue and rammed it hard on her clit, grinding it into her pelvis, drawing more yelps of pleasure and her hands clutched my head more fervently, pulling my mouth hard on her clit. I felt her juices dripping down my jaw line now. I thrashed and teased that clitty with my strong tongue moving in every direction, attacking it from above and the sides, suckling it and also just licking it. She let go of one hand from my hand, and that hand clutched my hand still holding her breast. We jointly groped her big D-cup boob while I tasted the juices leaking around her clitty, tugging it and rubbing it forcefully. 

 Marisa shrieked, her legs suddenly bolted and stiffened, and she let out an animal-like howl. I felt her pussy gush and I knew she was cumming, just from the stimulation on her clitoris. I really wanted my tongue inside that cunthole, but I needed to get her through her first orgasm. My lips surrounded her clit again, and I just sucked that little wet pink knob while I smelled her vagina have its juicy climax, and the girl panted and groaned. Her low loud rumbles turned into a soft high-pitched whine. I released her clitty from my lips, and licked a path down her soft pink pussylips. They were so slick and silky; it had been such a while since I tasted teenage pussy, I forgot how amazing it is. I licked around her little hole, making her gyrate her ass cheeks more energetically, until my tongue finally centered over her entrance. 

 "Yes," she panted, "there!" 

 With wife and daughter driving home, I didn't wait or tease her like I really wanted to do. I stiffened my tongue and shoved it in her little cunt. Fuck it was tight! Her lips gripped my tongue as if she had fingers squeezing me; I pushed my tongue against the hole, feeling it grip and resist, but inside was so warm and wet and inviting. Sealing my lips on her mound, I stuck my tongue hard against the juicy hole and forced my way as deep inside as I could thrust it. Her legs shot out to her sides, almost hanging in the air, and Marisa wailed at the top of her lungs. Her nipples were so hard, they looked even bigger than a few moments earlier. My tongue wormed into that teenage pussy, sinking in the hot juicy depths. It was so silky and soft inside, so wet, and her tight lips were squeezing my long tongue as I shoved it inside. Marisa began wiggling her ass under my face, pumping in circles, masturbating herself around my tongue. I had her juices all over my face now, I could even feel it dripping down my neck after only these few moments. 

 "Fuuuuuuck!" screamed the young slut, having another orgasm already. She was so worked up, the presence of my tongue was sending her over the edge so easily. I shoved my tongue inside her cunt and it was like a ramp, her juices were squirting out and sliding down my tongue into my mouth. I had a mouthful of her pussy juices, which I quickly swallowed because my mouth filled again. And again. She was so easy to swallow, the taste of her juice was erotic and delicious. 

 Even after her second orgasm, I continued to lick inside her pussy as deep as I could, stretching my tongue inside that wet hole. Her pussy and my face were so slick with juices now. My upper lip was rubbing her clit while I tongue-fucked that little vagina, stretching her high school hole with my powerful adult tongue. Marisa moaned as she breathed, her cummy tits now sweaty too as I ate her. 

 My dick was so hard to fuck her, but I didn't know if she would allow that. I didn't even know if she was a virgin, although my tongue didn't feel any cherry inside. Of course, it had been over a couple of decades since I last popped a cherry, so I'm not sure I would have known if it had been there. 

 I knew we didn't have a long time, but I wanted her to experience a lot of things with me. Maybe she'd come back for more another day. So I pulled my tongue back, withdrawing it from her vagina, then I immediately licked down to her wet little asshole. The slut was not expecting it, she shrieked "Oh shit!" as she felt my tongue lick the juices pooled over her puckered little asshole. Her wet cunt rubbed my nose as I began licking her anus. It was a nasty, sharp taste, but I was so turned on. My tongue licked around the puckered hole, cleaning it of her sweat and cuntjuices, then loosening it as I prepared to send my tongue inside. I reached my hands to her buttocks to pry them open more, but her hands were already there, cupping her ass cheeks and prying them open. "Shit!" screamed the girl again, as my tongue was directly over the hole. I punched my tongue forward and began to probe her little butthole with my fat wet tongue. It was so fucking tight! I could feel my tongue penetrating, bit by bit, moving inside that little hole. 

 Knowing how her young vagina must have been on fire, I reached an arm up and bent my hand back to her pussy. Reaching from above, I slipped two fingertips around her clitoris and surrounded it, stroking it, then used just the tip of one finger to start rubbing her little clitty hard, pressing it into her pelvis bone. Marisa's body twitched, she let out a really deep, enthralled moan. She grabbed both of her tits, squeezing them in her dainty hands. I ground my finger on that Latina clitty while my tongue was digging into the slut's ass. She was humping my finger and mouth, her hips were really swaying now as she laid back flat on my desk, and after a few moments her pussy gushed and she screamed to her third orgasm. 

 With her cuntjuice all over my face and lips, I pulled my tongue out of her anus for a moment to moan, "I wish we had all night, I could eat your pussy and ass until morning." I was being serious. 

 "Uh huh," came a very impatient, drained young voice, "me too." 

 I took another lick at her asshole, and I said what needed to be said. "Baby, we really need to stop, my wife will be here any moment." 

 "Uh huh," she grunted again, "I know." The 18 year old lifted her head down to look at me. Then, sure I was looking up at her, she moaned the best thing ever. "I know, but, can you please fuck me, a little? I really want your cock." 

 The sounds of her squeaky, high-pitched voice rang in my ears. But I didn't need to think about it. "Definitely," I sneered in response. I licked her pussylips and asshole one last time, then I stood up, pushing my chair with a crash back against the credenza. More papers fell to the floor. My erection was fully primed for the fucking, my cock jutted off of my pelvis ready for action. I looked down at her incredibly naked body -- slender shoulders, big D cup tits, flat tummy, and slightly-hairy pink pussy. She looked up at me with eyes dying for cock. That pussy of hers ached for me. 

 But I realized my oak desk was a few inches too high, for me to fuck her while she laid on it. I didn't have many other options, however. I reached out to take her hand, muttering, "Come with me, honey." I had to wipe a drip of sweat from my brow, I didn't realize how physical this was. She gasped, but allowed me to pull her to sitting upright on the desk, then she took a breath and jumped off. I was a good six inches taller than her or so, and I looked down at her boobs and sweaty thighs and throbbed even harder to fuck her. I put my hand on her sweaty lower back, and prodded her to the open spot on the carpeting between the desk and wall. It wasn't romantic, but it was flat and spacious. She quickly dropped to her knees and rolled to sit on her butt, legs spread, hands behind her. She was looking at me hungrily, not smiling. 

 I dropped to my knees too and crawled up to her, pushing her flat onto her back. She immediately opened her thighs up, offering her pussy to my cock. We both wanted it so badly, no matter how uncomfortable it was. The carpet burned on my knees, but that only encouraged me more. I crawled on top of her, my arms down straight, her heavenly breasts sweaty and heaving under me. She looked at my face then down at my cock, reaching her hands to guide it. We were both so fucking horny. I felt her soft hands grab my dick, pulling me to her, instantly kissing the head of my cock to her pussy. 

 This is it, I realized, I'm about to fuck one of my daughter's school friends. I wanted it so badly, so I told her. "I want you so bad Marisa." 

 "Me too." Her eyes were looking up at me now, as her hands let go of my cock to grab her knees instead, spreading herself wide open for me to fuck her. "Fuck me!" 

 I sank my penis into that tight teen cunt. It was fucking beautiful. Her pussy was tight alright, gripping my shaft, but it was sweet and soft inside. The teenager's jaw trembled and she yelped slightly, reaching her hands down to my abdomen, pressing her palms against my flat hairy stomach as I began to fuck her. My whole body was tense, from my arms holding up my torso, to my legs pushing me forward. My penis throbbed inside her teen cunt, sinking inch by inch into the wet warmth. I rammed forward a few thrusts, already a good 4 inches inside, not encountering any initial pressure from a cherry. Good, she wasn't a virgin. I hammered more, staring at her breasts while I fucked her, stretching open her cuntlips with my cock as I pushed farther. 

 Marisa's back arched, her shoulders and butt pressing into the worn carpet, her big tits bouncing in waves on her chest while I hammered my cock deeper into her squishy wet pussy. I could see her ribcage on her skinny tummy as she arched back, and her eyes were half-closed as her head rolled to the sides and her dark hair was spilled around her face. She was panting and gasping, her little pink tongue poking out of her mouth, as she felt me shoving more and more adult penis into her teenage vagina. I looked down and saw her pink, hairy pussylips stretched around my rigid shaft, swallowing me, as I thrust more meat into her young body. I had a couple of inches to go still, and I could feel the pressure deep inside her, but I continued to ram my erection forward time after time, working it into her, sinking deeper and deeper into her young fuckhole. Her juices were all over my cock and balls now, even on my thighs and stomach, and I could hear the squishy noises of my penis penetrating her juicy pussy. The Latina moaned louder, nearly a squeal, each time I stuck my dick into her a little farther. 

 It was so fucking awesome! "Fuck Marisa, you're so fucking hot, you're so sexy, I'm so hard, you're such a hot fuck!" 

 She nodded, almost biting her big lower lip. "Fuck me," she pleaded anxiously, "fuck me more!" 

 I leaned over her even farther, my torso nearly parallel to her small body under me, to get leverage and poke my boner into her pussy farther. My arms were wobbling as I leaned over her. Her legs were dangling to the sides, so I quickly moved my arms to hook them under her knees. Spread open more, Marisa raised her legs, and moments later she had both her tiny feet over my shoulders, her little ass almost off the floor, as my penis was splitting her tight hole and thrusting as deep as I could dig it. I think I had almost all 7 inches inside her, over and over, I was pounding into that young juicy cunt making my balls bounce off her wet sloppy asscheeks. We were both grunting in unison now, our bodies wiggling together as we fucked savagely on my basement floor. 

 "Oh fuck me!" she screamed, mouth open, looking up at me with intense lust in her big brown eyes. 

 I looked down at her vagina again, and her smooth wet thighs stretching upwards to keep her feet over my shoulders. Her arms were to her sides, hands flat on the carpet, trying to steady herself as she got fucked by the much older adult. "I love fucking you," I swore through my sweat, my eyes gazing at her big boobs on her chest. 

 Shit! I heard the brakes from the driveway outside. Wife was home! 

 I looked down at Marisa, and she heard it too. We both understood the implications. But she groaned anxiously, "Cum in me baby!" 

 It was really damned unfair, getting only a minute inside her pussy, but it certainly was better than none at all. I felt that wet pussy gripping my bone, and I began humping her furiously, slamming my weight into her body to thrust my penis deep into that cunt. I had most of my 7 inches inside of her, feeling intense pressure at the back of her vagina each time I poked that wet teenage hole. She was trying to muffle her screams, but her ass was wiggling wildly. I loved fucking her and suddenly I felt my orgasm cumming. 

 Not having the time, I didn't hold back. I concentrated on the feeling of her pussy around my adult dick, and that got me over the top. My balls churned, my body felt on fire and my penis started squirting semen into her pussy. I didn't care I wasn't wearing a rubber, I just wanted to cum in the little slut. "Oh god fuck I'm cumming," I moaned several times, pouring sperm into her twat. 

 She was close too, panting and her eyes closed, her hands now clutching my upper arm, gripping tightly. Her ass was wildly swinging in circles, taking my cock as I exploded inside her. I could feel my body pressing her into the carpet, smashing her really, but she was humping me so furiously I'm sure she didn't notice how scratchy the carpet felt. I was still at the end of my orgasm when hers hit, her body stiffened and she pushed her pubes against my penis with a furious thrust. I kept my dick buried in that cunt even after my last few dribbles spilled out, her pussy spasming with what would have to be her last orgasm of the afternoon. At least with me. 

 In a sweaty, cummy mess on my floor, I heard footsteps upstairs. "Fuck!" I groaned, knowing we didn't have time to enjoy this. I pulled out of her vagina, and she and I quickly scampered to get dressed. Marisa covered her cum-filled pussy with her panties, and then wrapped her cum-covered D cup breasts in her white bra. I slipped my boxers and slacks back on, and tried to straighten my sweaty shirt. 

 As Marisa wiggled into her skirt, she grinned at me, sweat beaded on her forehead. "You were awesome," she moaned, pulling up her skirt to her tummy, the grabbing her babydoll from the floor. 

 I was still hard, and clearly I wasn't done with this filly. "Fuck, honey," I admired back, "that was the hottest quick fuck of my life -- you don't think there's any chance we can get together for a hot, long fuck, is there?" 

 "Oh, totally," she sang, pulling her babydoll back down. Her hair was disheveled, and I'm sure she stunk to all hell, but I couldn't really tell. "We are definitely going to have to do this again." 

 Her body looked so yummy, even in her skirt and babydoll. I reached a hand out to grope her ass through her thin skirt, and I pressed my lips into hers. She kissed me back, we licked tongues again for a few seconds until I released her. 

 I could hear my daughter's voice calling down, looking for Marisa. My new fuck buddy blew me a kiss, and slipped out of my office. I was left to drop in a slouch in my chair, exhausted and victorious. I just fucked an 18 year old! 

 And the wife never found out about it; she left to take the girls someplace, giving me a few hours to air out the basement. It must have smelled like a gym, or worse, a brothel. And my punishment for cheating on my wife with the hot friend of my daughter was annoying, but worth the price: I needed close to an hour to straighten up all of the papers that fell to the floor off of my desk and credenza. 

 But I can't say my daughter didn't find out. I dropped her off for school the next morning, and as she climbed out of my BMW, she looked back and winked at me. "Daddy, you have a great day," she giggled, "you old dawg you!" Then she winked knowingly -- one of those long, deliberate winks -- and waived goodbye before slamming the car door shut. 

 I didn't mind that Marisa probably told Denise. I figured it meant, Denise might help me hook up with Marisa again -- or, if she was a really good daughter, some of her other hot, slutty friends too. Report_Story 
