Team Chemistry
=====================
#1 

===

Please email me your comments or suggestions as they always help a writer. Hopefully I do not offend any basketball teams or coaches, as this is purely a fantasy story. I have tried to use generic names for places and teams so they do not refer to any specific locations. 

CHAPTER ONE 

Leanne was the basketball coach of a college girl's team and had planned to build a strong rapport with all the girls. She had been an assistant coach for two years at a rival school in the conference so all the older players knew who she was. Leanne took over as head coach at the end of last season and spent the entire summer getting ready for the upcoming year. Everyone was pumped for the opening tournament which was hosted by the Kodiaks of St. Mary's, and the team had high expectations for the coming season after a year which saw them finish second in the conference. 

The team knew of Leanne's reputation as an excellent all-star point guard in her playing days while attending CAL State. At 5'7", she wasn't the tallest player so she had to develop the finer aspects of the game. Her shooting ability was superior and that was one thing her past teams were known for. She stressed this aspect and it had paid huge dividends for her last team, Queens, as they won two straight championships. 

Sally Duval who was head coach for the Pandas up until her resignation at the end of the past season, recommended Leanne for her replacement, as the two had known each other for years. They actually played together at CAL and both had pursued coaching careers when their college days came to an end. Sally was a very successful coach and the Pandas were sad to see her leave but felt comfortable with Leanne taking over the reigns. The veteran players knew Leanne was a guiding force at her last school from talking to their players and realized the impending change could improve the team. 

This was Leanne's first opportunity as head coach and she was determined to give it all she had to be successful. Everything was dependant on winning and she had a fire in her belly to win the conference championship with her new team. Dreams of raising a banner to the rafters can do weird and wonderful things to a person and Leanne was no different than most. Sacrifices had to be made and she was more than willing to make them. Her husband, Rod, was very supportive of her career and backed her every move, willing to accept the time she had to spend at the gym or on the road. 

The bus trip to St. Mary's was a short one and when the Pandas arrived at the hotel, Vicki, the team captain, and Leanne were allotted a room together. All the girls on the team were much closer knit that Leanne could ever envision and this trip would see her find that out. Her new, young assistant coach, Lynn, had graduated two years ago from the Pandas and she knew most of the girls extremely well. In fact, much better than anyone could imagine and she acted with ulterior motives. She was in charge of assigning rooms and making schedules for their daily routines while on the road and Lynn used this task to her advantage. 

Vicki, Lynn and three of the older players planned sleeping arrangements weeks in advance and they kept it a secret from Leanne. Vicki was the leader of the pack and it was only natural for her to be named captain of the team. She was a consistent conference all-star forward and had the physical assets to go along with her ability. At 6'2", she was a formidable force and one of the reasons the Pandas were ranked so highly. 

Everyone headed off to their rooms after the bus was unloaded and Leanne and Vicki were the last ones in the lobby. "This is wonderful as it will give us a chance to get to know each other better," Vicki said in an attempt to justify the arrangements. "I think the two of us should spend time going over the game plans and discuss how the team should play," she added and then turned to go to the room. Her demeanor sort of gave Leanne the feeling that her team captain was extremely orderly and demanding and a little shiver shot through her head with the thought that this girl was so powerful. 

Leanne accepted the facts and thought that Vicki was entirely correct in what she said. The coach and her best player should be on the same page if the team was to have any success at all. In fact, she should have thought of such a thing, as this time together with Vicki would surely add to team unity. 

Grabbing her bags, she followed the assertive, team captain. Glancing at Vicki as she led the way, Leanne was mesmerized by the girl's absolute perfect figure. It struck her strange, as normally taller girls didn't have such nicely rounded hips and slim waist. All the exercise she got playing sports probably helped her keep a desirable, fit shape. The one thing about her captain that did sort of frightened her was the over-confident manner she displayed. There was no doubt who was the boss of the Pandas when Vicki was around, as all the other girls did exactly what she demanded. Leanne thought it best to work with the girl rather than try to split the team loyalties between the coach and captain. 

Vicki was almost young enough to be her daughter as Leanne was now the ripe age of 35. She still played basketball whenever she could and kept herself in top condition by exercising daily. Being on good terms with her players was paramount in Leanne's thinking and she relished the evening ahead as a chance to further that goal. Besides, Vicki was an extremely friendly and outgoing person and one who made friends easily so Leanne thought it should be easy to get to know her better. 

Both women unpacked and settled in for the night. It was extremely important to Leanne to be accepted by Vicki and she was determined to see that they got along well. Glancing across the room at her roommate, Leanne could see that she was what most would call a truly beautiful Amazon girl. Her tall, lean body was extraordinary in almost every way and even for such a tall girl she had fairly large, perky breasts. Vicki was the chosen leader of the team and had molded their success by forming a strong bond among all the players. 

It was already past nine o'clock and there was nothing formal planned for the team. Leanne switched on the television to see if anything interesting was playing and waited for Vicki to come out of the washroom, as she was getting comfortable for evening. Hearing her re-enter the room, Leanne's shock was not hidden well when she noticed Vicki's attire. Clad only in bra and panties, she boldly walked to her bed, holding Leanne's bewildered stare for a few seconds. 

Suddenly, Leanne realized she was staring and she ripped her eyes away from the almost nude girl, focusing as best she could on the TV. She couldn't explain the shocked feeling and why her heart began racing a mile a minute. Nothing was said as Vicki plunked herself down on the mattress and got comfortable. For some unexplained reason, Leanne felt a magnetism towards this girl and that her captain was a person that would become an influential part of her future. 

After what seemed like an eternity, Leanne decided she should also get comfortable and get dressed in something more relaxing. "I, I..think I will change too," she whispered in a soft, meek voice as it seemed hard to even talk. With that, she grabbed her nightgown and went to the washroom. Not that it bothered Leanne to change in front of another woman, it was the fact it didn't seem right in this instance. She was the coach and expected to retain a thoroughly mature and professional attitude at all times. 

Unknown to Leanne, the evening was well planned and thought out by the seductive team captain. Vicki smiled at the bemused look on her coaches' face when she entered the room clad in such shear clothing. Her wide-eyed look of surprise was priceless and Vicki hadn't realized how innocent and naïve the woman really was. She was going to enjoy tormenting Leanne and the devilish grin was testament of the fact. 

Leanne couldn't believe how her hands were shaking when she donned her nightie. She actually thought it was a positive signal to see her player feel relaxed enough to undress in her presence and felt it was a good sign. After all, she thought, she was almost old enough to be her mother so her actions were probably normal for any player who was on a road trip. 

She delayed her stay in the small washroom, as she was a little hesitant to be in the same room as someone so scantily dressed but she reluctantly rejoined Vicki in the bedroom. Keeping her eyes cast in every direction but at Vicki, Leanne proceeded to her bed. 

"Let's watch a little television before we discuss what the team should do in our first game," Vicki suddenly announced. "What do you feel like watching?" she asked and quickly twisted her lithe body so that she was lying on her stomach, facing the screen. She began thumbing through the channels with the remote, pausing on each to see what was showing. 

With the beds side by side, this left the stunning girl almost completely exposed to the world. Leanne felt pangs of jealously rush through her veins at the sight of such a sexy, adorable girl as her tall stature gave Vicki an extra bit of unique beauty. With Vicki lying towards the TV, she couldn't see Leanne which meant the coach could steal a glance at the nakedness without being seen. The truth was Vicki purposely ignored her coaches' admiration and used every bit of trickery to brazenly show off her body. 

Leanne lay on her bed with her head propped up on the pillow, which gave her a pristine view of the sprawling body only a few feet away. In their present positions, it would be too obvious if Leanne did anything to evade the picturesque scenery so she cowered on her bed trying to watch the TV. Vicki had purposely exposed her treasures in hopes of gaining the upper hand. She had figured out to what extent her new coach would go to fulfill her dreams of success and Vicki was determined to take advantage of Leanne's weakness. 

Vicki had purposely worn her favorite pair of thong panties and knew the flimsy material, in reality almost non-existent, accentuated her delectable ass cheeks. She kept squirming on the bed, partly because of the intense excitement and partly in an attempt to entice her victim. She would spread her legs seductively every few seconds and could feel the area between her legs getting damper by the minute. Vicki knew the thin strip of material was soaked and would do nothing to conceal her feminine beauty. 

Oh gawd, she could hardly wait to get the woman's mouth on her quivering pussy and wondered if she would have to force Leanne to submit. Vicki was normally a dominant person and never had to wait to achieve her goals, which probably spoiled the young woman. This covert foreplay was making her so aroused that the wait was making her mind crazy in anticipation. 

Suddenly she turned her head to look at Leanne and noticed how quickly she turned a brilliant shade of red. Quickly, Leanne shifted her eyes from Vicki's nudity and focused on the television, feeling the embarrassment of peeping on someone. "Yes, yes she has noticed my teasing and just wait until I get you undressed," Vicki said to herself with all the confidence in the world. 

The girls then chitchatted about nothing in particular and Leanne was thankful it was so light, as she found it hard to concentrate. Vicki's gaze returned to the television and Leanne felt a wave of relief flow through her flustered body as the girl's attention was drawn away to the sitcom. With Vicki's body and the screen in almost the same latitude, it was impossible for Leanne not to see both. Again, the lioness went back to moving her body in such a way to entice the poor coach to notice her shameless nudity. 

Leanne's bemused mind was thoroughly confused by what had transpired so far and she really didn't know how to get her mind off the uncomfortable feeling of having her team captain lounge around almost naked. She shuddered at the sight of the gleaming crevice between the gapping thighs and wondered at Vicki's boldness. There was no way she would ever be caught displaying herself in such vulgar fashion. 

The talk soon got around to the team and plans for their first opponent. It seemed natural for Vicki to join her coach on one bed so nothing was said when she moved over to Leanne's bed. Vicki jumped onto the soft mattress and sat with her legs crossed directly opposite her coach. It was all Leanne could do to not swallow her tongue at the young girls open, indifferent voyeurism, as she showed no concern of openly exhibiting her womanly attributes. 

Leanne did her best to keep her eyes off the woman but it was difficult when Vicki did things to draw her attention. Like every once in awhile, she would pretend to scratch an itchy spot or move her hands to her chest or thighs in an attempt to draw Leanne's attention. 

It was becoming exceedingly hot in the room and Leanne was sure her face was flushed a rosy red. Brief glances at the girl's immense treasures gave proof to her possessing perky, pink nipples as they put obvious protrusions in the flimsy bra cups. Leanne certainly blushed when her eyes caught glimpses of the girls nearly naked lower region, as the soaked, white panties did nothing to hide the wet, puffy labia. The thin, narrow strip of curly hair rising above the pink lips could be clearly noticed through the shear material, as the brazen girl sat cross legged on the bed. 

Leanne found it difficult to keep her breathing at a normal rate and tried hard to keep her eyes focused on Vicki's smiling face. The grin was not one of happiness but one of pure, tantalizing joy as the team captain tormented the flustered coach. Then she did the most unexpected thing by pulling the bra cup to the side and exposing her erect tit. 

"These damn nipples keep driving me crazy as they always get irritated when I wear a bra," she boldly stated to the shocked coach. "See how the bloody things get so erect?" she asked and shamelessly pinched the bud between two fingers. What could Leanne say as the hardened nipple was exposed before her by the blatant hussy. If she mumbled anything in response to Vicki's question, it would not be understood so she sat speechless. 

"You don't mind if I take it off so it doesn't bother my nipples, do you?" Vicki asked and knew her question could not be answered with a no. After a few seconds of silence, she went ahead and shucked the lacy bra and Leanne watched in amazement. "There, that feels so much better and I can breath again," she said. "Go ahead, get comfortable as we are both grown women and sure don't have anything to hide from one another," she told Leanne who stammered giving a faint response. "No, I am fine like this," she whispered and blushed, as she knew it was a most feeble answer. 

It was not the temperature in the room that was increasing dramatically, but Leanne's internal flames licking away at her insides. This sordid affair was having a profound affect on her reasoning and she was filled with doubts of her ability to control what was happening. She was experiencing emotions, which were foreign and for the first time in her life, noticed another woman's body in a sexual manner. It was so immoral that she felt pangs of guilt and embarrassment fill her head with uncertainty. 

Leanne felt a wave of relief wash over her as the talk eventually got back to the Pandas. Vicki was an extremely skilled player and knew much about how to run a high-powered offense. Leanne's prowess was defense for which she had been held in high regard during her playing days. The mix of the two seemed to fit wonderfully and both girls were extremely satisfied by the more than satisfactory results. They went over formations and plays and it was amazing how well everything meshed. 

Sensing that no more was going to be accomplished in their conversation, Vicki cleverly switched topics and explained how the girls relaxed before a big tournament. "I hope you don't mind that I arranged for us to be roomies as I thought it was important for us to get to know each other," she said in an easy tone as she was about to show Leanne who was in-charge. "Most of the girls use wrestling as the best method to release pent up pressures and we have found it excellent to rid ourselves of stress," Vicki informed her coach. 

As she spoke and told Leanne about wrestling, she almost dared her to take the place of one of her teammates. "I have never wrestled and wouldn't have the slightest idea of how to do it," Leanne said as she offered an excuse for not participating. "I just wouldn't be any good at it," she said in an attempt to justify her refusal. 

"I get so worked up before a big game and just need some way to work off steam," Vicki told her roommate. The playful gestures and pushing around started very innocently and it quickly became apparent that Leanne was extremely ticklish. Vicki soon had her laughing so hard that tears filled her eyes and she attacked her tummy and armpits with a vengeance. One thing led to another and in no time the two were rough housing like teenagers on a sleepover. 

They rolled and wrestled on Leanne's bed and Vicki's nudity was a forgotten fact. It went on for more than 10 minutes and it became quite evident that Vicki had superior strength and agility as she controlled almost every move. Leanne had to admit that it felt weird wrestling and she hesitated for that split second every time Vicki put her in a hold for fear of inadvertently touching her in an obscene spot. 

"I am really glad we have this opportunity to get to know each other. I have talked to the girls at Queens and they all gave raving reviews for your coaching ability and I certainly admire your hard work," Vicki told her coach with the expectation of boasting her image. "It's good we can relax in each others company and I wanted you to like me," she whispered which brought the intended results. 

By this time, Leanne felt a little guilty for not agreeing immediately with her young, star player, after all, she was only thinking of what was best for the team. "I know what you mean as I believe it is most important for you and I to get along. I love the way you play, with intensity and heart, and you are the first player I would want on my team," Leanne answered to her player. "Thank you for having the consideration to be my roomie and I will certainly do my part for the team," she said and unwittingly conceded her fate to her young star. 

** 

Vicki had a decision to make. She had to choose the right way to seduce her attractive coach to have any chance of success. One method was to be the aggressor and dominate her much weaker and submissive foe. She knew this attack would certainly reap some benefits, as it was the one technique she used extensively in the past with girls her own age. The other was to play a sympathy card and try to garner Leanne's compassion by allowing her to play the mother role. This one offered the biggest challenge and sent a few little shivers up her spine just thinking about it. 

Leanne had to admit that it had felt weird wrestling and she wished that Vicki would don a few more clothes. Vicki certainly was strong physically and seemed to be overpowering mentally as well when dealing with her teammates. This challenging demeanor she displayed gave Leanne feelings of doubt and inadequacy to some degree, wondering whether she could fit in as the Pandas' coach. 

The devious plan formed in her mind quickly and Vicki grinned with the satisfaction of knowing she was minutes away from tasting a woman's sweet innocence. There was nothing that would give her a bigger thrill than seducing a mature woman and with Leanne being married only added to the allure. She did feel a small tremor of guilt but it passed without leaving any lingering doubts.  

===

The time was getting late and it was bedtime so Vicki excused herself to make a washroom break before retiring. Leanne switched out all the lights except for the one by Vicki's bed and crawled under the covers, snuggling in for a comfortable sleep. This left the room dimly lit and gave it a surreal appearance. 

When Vicki came back into the room, she went directly to the side of Leanne's bed and crouched down. In the faintly lit room, the sudden move shocked Leanne and she brought her head up slightly to look at the girl. "I am so sorry to be such a big baby but I just hate sleeping alone. Would you mind if we slept together in your bed as I get so scared all by myself?" she asked her stunned coach. 

Time seemed to stand still for a few moments and suddenly Vicki seized the opportunity to gain the advantage. She sobbed and even managed to get a tear to run down her flushed cheek, which made her startling revelation seem so real. The desired motherly feelings filled Leanne's mind and she felt the need to comfort the poor girl. 

"Oh of course I don't mind as there is lots of room," she whispered and obediently shifted her body across the mattress to leave room for Vicki. Holding the covers high, it was an invitation that would haunt Leanne for the rest of her life. She held the covers and allowed her player to swiftly slip under them. 

A tiny sob erupted from the supposed troubled girl as she played the role to perfection and suddenly hugged her mentor. "Thank you so much as it means a lot to me that we can act without letting inhibitions get in the way," Vicki whispered to her overwhelmed coach. The heat being emitted by the young woman was intense and it caused Leanne's breathing to become a little ragged. No one had come this close to her in years other than her loving husband and the feeling was strange. 

"I am so sorry for being such a scary cat and you must think I am such a baby," she said in a voice that drew every motherly ounce of sympathy from Leanne. It had the desired affect as she hugged her player and felt her rub up against her curves as tightly as possible. The forced sobs were intended to make her coach do exactly what she was doing in giving the young woman hugs of compassion. 

They remained like that for what seemed like minutes and when Leanne tried to relax her grip so she could move away, another sob shook Vicki's body. Feeling the frightened girls response, she hugged her so that she would feel the motherly love. "There is certainly nothing wrong with showing a girl such love and compassion as she is so distraught," Leanne said over and over to herself, which made her feel relieved. 

Lying in her coaches' arms, Vicki whispered small talk and the girls chatted back and forth for a few minutes, which made them both feel more relaxed. It was quite uncomfortable but Leanne really didn't know how to get out of the dilemma. Every time she attempted to gain some distance from the girl, she would utter a few more whimpers, which kept the two bodies against each other. 

"I am really grateful for your love and for holding me like this," Vicki said. "You see, normally Lynn and I room together and we can sleep together so I don't suffer these awful feelings of inadequacy," she whispered and was now going for the jugular. "When I am alone, my mind keeps doubting anything I do and I keep wondering if I can be a good team player," she said in a low tone. "Lynn helps me and gives me such confidence and you give me the same kind of feeling," she cleverly stated. 

Suddenly, Leanne could feel Vicki's hands taking unapproved liberties and her mind fought for a way to stop the advances. Then she felt the hem of her gown being raised up and shuddered with the fact she was unable to do a single thing to stop the assault. "Your body feels so warm and tender, much the same as Lynn's when we are together," she whispered in a voice that was soft and low. "We always sleep in the nude as it allows us to relax and feel so much closer to each other," she said and promptly slipped her hand onto the velvety mound on Leanne's chest. 

Leanne was distressed and her mind worked franticly for a solution. How could she tell this girl not to touch her and risk loosing her affection? How could she stop the unwanted caresses without hurting her feelings? 

"You have soft, silky breasts and I wish I had such perfect ones," Vicki whispered. As she said it, her skillful fingers caressed the tip so tenderly and expertly that the bud hardened instantly. For some mysterious reason, Leanne found it impossible to voice a word of protest and she faked drowsiness. The only thing her perplexed mind could come up with was to pretend she was going to sleep and pray like hell that Vicki left her alone. 

Then Leanne was allowed to roll over on her side and face the opposite direction of Vicki, which brought a big sigh of relief as she thought her prayers were answered. The respite was short lived however as the much bigger feminine body pressed up tight against the married woman. She curved her body to the exact same posture as Leanne, which left both bodies as one. This position was even worse than facing the young woman as it allowed Vicki to take more liberties with her free hands. 

Vicki smiled and could hear the rapid breathing next to her and knew she had the upper hand. Her coach would do almost anything not to displease her star player and she was determined to take complete advantage. "I am going to make you a new woman and show you how much I truly appreciate your love and tenderness," she whispered into her ear. The words didn't register in Leanne's troubled mind and she remained motionless, allowing her young player complete autonomy. 

"Your skin is so soft, so smooth and tender," Vicki said in a low tone and her fingers traced a path towards a rendezvous with two milky treasures. Leanne closed her eyes tightly and tried to feign her ignorance of what was happening, hoping the girl would allow her to sleep. Then the skillful fingers reached the lower edges of her soft melons and her world was slowly collapsing around her. 

Her temperature must have been over one hundred and her heart was beating so fast that Vicki could feel the rapid pulses. She was going to thoroughly enjoy the long, slow assault and was determined to prolong the sweet, lesbian victory over a married woman. Her competitive spirit saw the affair as a challenge and one, which had to be won on the battlefield by the strongest adversary. 

It was almost funny when the deft fingers drew circles around the raised nipples, purposely avoiding the tips until they were like swollen pebbles. Each inadvertent caress of the very tip brought a tiny gasp, as Vicki would touch the nipple every few seconds, but just for a fleeting moment. 

Leanne finally decided she had to protest or her battle would be lost forever. "Please, Vicki. I don't think we should be in bed together and we need to get some sleep," she mumbled the most pathetic excuse of all time. Without an ounce of remorse, Vicki's demanding fingers of both hands found the ends of Leanne's universe and pinched with enough force to show her who was in command. She milked the nipples like a baby sucking a mother's tit and it brought them to a most hardened stature. 

"Yes, you are right, we should go to sleep as we have to play a game in the morning," Vicki said feigning agreement with her coach. Leanne anticipated a reprieve but nothing could be farther from reality. She could feel her tummy quivering like a little schoolgirl in the midst of her first date and her fingers clutched the sheets like they were going to save her. 

It was time for the final sympathy card and Vicki dealt it with a steady hand. "Sometimes I hate myself as I just can't seem to do anything to please a person," she whispered and waited a second before continuing. "You probably hate me and think I am no good," she said with a pleading voice and received the expected results. 

Leanne hugged Vicki's arms, which were around her body with a show of affection and in an attempt to show her that she cared. "That's certainly not true as all the girls think you are a great player and they all like you a lot," she said. The next action took all the breath from Leanne's lithe body as Vicki's knowing fingers left a burning trail to the Promised Land. In a futile attempt to save her soul, Leanne grasped the hand as it drew near the sparse forest. Vicki's long, slender fingers intertwined in the curly hair and teased the flesh of the raised pelvis. 

Leanne held the hand steady and refused to let it venture any closer to the objective. "Please let me go, let my hand touch you so that I can show you how much I need your love," she whispered to the motionless body. "I need your love and I will show you what ecstasy with a woman is really like. I want to show you how a woman makes love to your pussy and fills your body with desire," Vicki whispered a promise to a woman who was unsure of what to do. 

"Oh gawd, she wants to touch me there," Leanne said to herself over and over. Suddenly her naïve mind realized that her young player wanted to have sex with her and she was absolutely shocked by it. "I am a married woman and we can't do this," she moaned and deep down inside, knew that in a mere second or two, she would be enthralled in lesbian lust with her most cherish basketball player. Her heart was racing and her breathing stopped while she waited. What made her release the hand she would never understand, but she removed her hand from Vicki's. 

Leanne's demise was complete and the young devil smiled, as she would not encounter any more resistance from the beaten woman. Winning was always sweet but this one was truly memorable as Vicki did have loving feelings for her coach. She understood that Leanne's earlier feelings of motherhood and the compassion she showed towards a troubled girl were sincere. Even with these tender feelings, Vicki was determined to reap the rewards of success. 

The dainty fingers dipped into the lust filled pit and slowly pried the puffy lips apart to expose Leanne's mortal being to the world. The blow was lethal as the fingers struck the long, protruding clitoris, pinching it until the breathing resumed and Leanne felt totally alive. It was the strangest feeling in the world. Leanne wanted desperately to stop what this girl was doing but her inner desire wanted her to fulfill the promise of showing her how to love another woman. 

Vicki molded her long, slender frame tightly against her prey and reached around the flared hips with her left arm, pilfering the vulnerable clit. The expert fingers rolled the throbbing bud in the abundant juices and Leanne was shocked at the wetness between her legs. She desperately wanted to scream at the girl to stop, stop doing it, as this kind of sex was immoral. There was no way she would ever partake in such perverted activities and her body shuddered as she used every ounce of willpower to halt the rising desire inside her loins. 

Instead of protests, or words of challenge to the young woman, Leanne uttered the most incoherent animal sounds, which greatly pleased Vicki. Every nerve and muscle inside Leanne's womanly body could feel the demanding fingers of her young lover as she milked the joy from her body. Quickly, she was reaching a point of no return and instead of resisting Vicki's wishes, she wanted to fulfill a fantasy. Leanne's mind was yearning to experience something that was a dream for so many years and one that was talked about by many involved in the sports program. 

The young vixen took control of her coach by using her years of experience but her humiliation was still not complete. Vicki could feel the rounded hips thrusting wildly as she pinched the tenderest bud and knew if she continued, Leanne would be forced to succumb to the rising floodwaters. She took the vulnerable woman to the brink of orgasm, then held her fingers perfectly still until the velvety hips quieted. Leanne could not remember a time when she was more aroused and she secretly wanted her player to take her womanhood without anyone knowing. She actually felt a touch of sadness when the waters, which threatened to drown her in lust, receded from the shores. 

** 

Vicki wanted to ensure the total commitment of her coach and relished the thought of having such a gorgeous, willing slave. By the time she and her teammates were done with their coach, she would not be the same woman. It was a known fact that many girls who played on the various teams were lesbian, if not full fledged, practicing ones during the season. Vicki had the occasional boyfriend but seemed to keep coming back to girls, as they were more sensitive and caring. 

It was true that she was the master of the team and used many of the players for her own personal enjoyment from time to time. Vicki and Lynn, who was now assistant coach, had played together until Lynn's graduation two years ago. They were best friends and lovers and the fact was well known to the entire Pandas team. They had planned the seduction of their coach and each yearned to taste the rewards of their lovely leader. 

Dreams over the past couple of months filled Vicki with much anticipation and she could hardly wait to show Leanne some lesbian delights. She hadn't met a woman yet that didn't blow their mind when getting their pussy licked by a skilled dyke and she was certainly one of the best. Her body quivered with the vision of the coaches shapely hips going through the throes of a violent orgasm. The thought of conquering a married woman who was also a highly ranked status figure in the college was like an intoxicating drug to her youthful mind. 

** 

Vicki used every bit of willpower to prolong the seduction and moved her lips close to Leanne's ear. "I want to kiss your pussy, taste your love potion and drink your juices," she whispered loud enough to get her complete attention. "Do you want me to make love to you?" she asked but didn't expect a verbal response. Leanne's body told her everything she needed to know. 

"Please remove your gown and turn over, onto your back," Vicki whispered the subtle orders. Leanne was in turmoil, as her mind knew that by submitting to the young girls demands would mean complete disaster but her inner nucleus desperately wanted to surrender. The damning fingers had remained on the control button and they performed magic once again. Rolling the swollen clit, the hips responded as expected and Leanne moaned out of frustration. What to do? 

A few tiny sobs escaped her trembling lips as Leanne rolled over and came face to face with destiny. Her eyes closed as she sensed the tender lips closing in on her and her breathing stopped. When the lips touched her, it felt like a million volts of electricity and her body jerked in response. The kiss began and her heart fluttered as she felt her lover consume her soul, which she gave willingly. 

"Remove your gown so I can drink from your loins," Vicki whispered, breaking the kiss for just a brief second. Leanne's fingers were shaking so bad it was hard for her to lift the material up her body. She twisted and lifted her body so the gown could be raised up over her head and Vicki moved her body to allow the garment to be removed. The naked woman waited to be taken and knew her demise was only seconds away. 

"Have you ever made love to another woman?" Vicki asked the silly question and already knew the answer. "Oh no, never." Leanne whispered in a low almost inaudible voice. To save her dignity, she said, "Please don't do this to me as I am a married woman." It brought a little chuckle from the predator and then Vicki silenced the woman by kissing her on the lips. 

Low grunts and moans came from the battered coach as Vicki moved her hands to her shoulders. She pressed Leanne into the soft mattress and breaking the enchanting kiss, admired the absolute beauty of the woman. It was but a brief glance, as she needed to taste the wonderful delights right away as her desire was building deep inside. 

Without looking, Leanne knew the girl was going to use her mouth to perform immoral acts but for some unknown reason, she was willing to accept the sin. A wet, burning trail was left across her inflamed flesh as Vicki used her tongue to caress her neck and shoulders, before dropping to her chest. Leanne's body arched and she offered her treasures to the villain, hoping she would stop the throbbing of her nipples. The hungry mouth devoured a swollen bud and the feeling was so intense that Leanne felt light headed. 

Leanne had never felt so feverish and the anticipation of what her young team captain would do next was driving her mind crazy with lust. For the first time in her life, she felt like an animal with only one thing on her mind, the impending climax. The mattress shifted with Vicki's weight as she moved into a position directly above her slave and Leanne held her breath waiting for her to strike. 

The skilled fingers were magical as they traced patterns over the red-hot flesh and Leanne acted like a woman possessed. Feeling the mature, vibrant coach respond to her every caress was mind-boggling and Vicki's desire rose in unison with Leanne's. She sucked a rose bud deep into her mouth and rubbed her tongue over the hardened nugget. Her right hand went to the neglected nipple while her left hand dropped downward which brought a loud gasp from Leanne. 

Leanne's arms stiffened from the ecstasy rushing through her deepest, amorous zones and she flung her limbs out to her sides, digging her clenched fingers into the sheets. Oh gawd, what was happening to her, she wondered? 

The dainty fingers teased Leanne's slim stomach and the taunt muscles flinched with every loving caress. "No, no, please don't," she begged, as she knew that Vicki would not be satisfied until she had overcome every barrier. "Oh please, no, not that," she pleaded as the fingers ventured into the neatly trimmed bush, playing with the curly strands of hair along the way. When a finger darted over the wetness and grazed the puffy lips, Leanne's breathing became very labored and rapid. "Oh gawd, what are you going to do, oh please don't touch me there," she begged without a hope of winning a reprieve. 

Then the hot, fiery tongue began the trek down her body and Leanne felt the burning flame scorch her flesh even in the cool air. Hitting the depression in the middle of her tummy, Vicki inserted her tongue in the button and pretended to fuck the tiny hole. The simulation worked and Leanne's body jerked violently up and down while uttering incoherent sounds. 

When the tongue left the bellybutton, Leanne wasn't prepared for the intense burning left by the probe as it dropped straight down through the sparse covering towards paradise. Leanne's body tensed and stiffened as the tender fingers opened the petals and without looking, she knew her soul lay exposed to the vulture. 

The shock was earth-shattering as Vicki's tongue slipped between the puffy labia and licked the protruding clitoris like it was her personal toy. She used her tongue in tickling fashion to flick the very tip of the vulnerable clit. Leanne couldn't remember an orgasm beginning so quickly as her juices flowed, coating the damning tongue with cream. It was nectar from the gods and Vicki drank with a dire thirst. 

There was no more begging or pleading for Vicki to stop the molesting as all Leanne's shame was overcome by the erotic passion flowing from the very core of her womanhood. Vicki could not believe how her coaches' body responded to her lesbian caresses as it thrashed madly under her touch. Without being asked, Leanne spread her legs to allow sole access to her most cherished domain and thrust her pussy into the waiting mouth. 

The orgasm burst from its shell and it was most remarkable how it skipped from peak to peak. Leanne felt the most violent and rewarding ecstasy of all time as it washed over her body and Vicki's tenderness eroded any feelings of guilt she may have had. Earlier she prayed for help but now she prayed for forgiveness because she was succumbing to the most sinful lust.  

===

Vicki sucked the swollen clitoris like a true veteran and her long, powerful fingers slipped under the rounded hips to squeeze the susceptible butt. The harder she squeezed the cheeks, the louder Leanne moaned, as her emotions were higher than she could endure. Anyone else in the room would have wondered at the sound of beasts during mating season, as there was no pretenses, only pure uninhibited ecstasy. 

Leanne had fantasized about sex between two women but never dreamed that it would ever happen to her. The plateau that her mind was swirling through felt like the third dimension as it was in another world. When her hips finally quieted and the eruption ran dry, Vicki slowly caressed her flushed body. Her mouth left the volcano and kissed its way up the burning flesh, leaving a wet trail along the way. Every peck of her lips, every lick of her tongue was a tender, affectionate caress and it made Leanne feel loved. Many times after sex she wished Rod would hold or cuddle with her while the deep, burning desires slowly died away. 

Once Vicki was over her lover, she kissed the open lips in a show of compassion. The aroma made Leanne's head spin as she realize that the smell was from her own loins. The tongue's intertwined and the taste was both erotic and sinful which gave the kiss a most enticing affect. 

Leanne felt diminutive compared to the Amazon woman over her and realized for the first time her life that another person controlled her destiny. She could feel the coned shaped tits burning holes in her chest and her titties yielded to the harder ones. "Touch me, fuck me as I need you now," the young girl begged her lover. 

Obediently, Leanne's arms went around Vicki and her hands caressed the hot skin, which she could reach. This pressed the two bodies tightly against each other and suddenly Vicki spread her legs wide, placing one leg between Leanne's thighs. The position allowed her to use Leanne's left thigh, which was between her legs for her own gratification. She humped the thigh like a bitch in heat and it gave the affair an animal appearance. 

"I am so fucking hot and I can't remember being so turned on," Vicki told her partner. "Yes, do that with your leg, press it into my pussy. I can feel you touching my clitty and it's driving me crazy," she confessed to Leanne, which made the coach blush with the fact she was getting another woman aroused. 

Suddenly, Vicki shifted her body so that her breast was in Leanne's face and it happened so fast that she didn't stop the assault. The star player cupped her left breast and guided it into her coaches' open mouth and it made a shiver run down her back when the sharp ivories grazed the hardened nipple. "Oh yes, yes, suck my nipple," she begged. 

The nipple felt surreal in her mouth and Leanne wasn't sure what to do. That didn't matter, as just touching the aroused body was enough to satisfy Vicki. The tall, lanky girl's body bucked with unbridled lust as the tongue innocently petted the throbbing bud, covering it with saliva and her desires soared higher. The blood rushed to Leanne's head as the thought of having to satisfy her master was scary yet it had an enticing appeal to it. 

Leanne could feel the need in the girl's hips as the strong, muscular thighs closed around her leg. The wetness coating her thigh was unmistakable and it gave her a strange feeling to realize where it was coming from. 

Vicki knew it would be putting too much stress on her new lover to have her reciprocate and she was far too far up the mountain to suffer through any more foreplay. The seduction of her coach had built a fire deep inside her loins that needed to be doused immediately. She rescued her tit from the hot mouth and moved so that she was lying next to Leanne. 

"You're my bitch now and I want you to fuck me. Put your fingers between my legs and feel my hot cunt. I need your fingers in me right now," she whispered to her stunned coach. She was correct, Leanne thought, as she was under the spell of her star player and would be compelled to do whatever she demanded. Leanne shuddered with the thought that she was indeed Vicki's bitch, compelled to fulfill the girl's wishes. 

Her mind went into a sort of trance and her hands moved without any direction. The love and affection Vicki had demonstrated moments ago were enough to make Leanne's hand comply with the girl's requests. Rolling onto her side, she felt tiny compared to her much bigger player but to feel the woman quiver from her touch was kind of stimulating. Leanne felt the instant need of her young lover and it gave her a commanding feeling to make Vicki so aroused. 

Her doubts were answered when her dainty hand slipped into the wetness. "Oh gawd, touch me there," came the order but it was redundant as the fingers split the puffy lips. The loud, moaning noises were evidence Leanne had hit the mother lode and feeling the elongated clitoris slip out of its hood, she pinched it hard. When the hips thrust up and down without any control, she squeezed the slippery bud between her fingers and stretched it until there was a cry for mercy. Then she rolled the swollen, passion button in the abundant juices and the orgasm exploded with a fury. 

"Oh yes, yes, yes," Vicki moaned in utter dismay as she was consumed by the ecstasy. Sensing that a warrior should take advantage of the foes inability to resist, Leanne saw an enlarge nipple and dropped down to devour it. Her teeth nibbling on the vulnerable bud was too much for Vicki to withstand and the coach took her through the throes of a most violent climax. 

It took several minutes before the fires had extinguished enough that the two girls could relax. Both felt warm and fuzzy all over and sort of fell into each other's arms, hugging the others flushed body. Nothing had to be said as each drifted off into dreamland, exhausted from the remarkable climaxes. Leanne fantasized about her first lesbian experience and Vicki about sharing her new lover with teammates. 

Vicki shivered with the vision of the initiation tomorrow night and how Leanne would be inducted into the team fold. Team bonding is what her coach wanted and that is exactly what would be accomplished tomorrow, although Vicki was sure that Leanne would not expect the bonding she would receive. 

The girls slept for hours and remained locked as one for the whole night. Once or twice Leanne woke with a start from being in Vicki's arms. She quickly assessed her situation and easily accepted it by merely snuggling into the Amazon's warm body in loving fashion. As morning neared, Vicki's strong hands began to roam and caressed Leanne's soft, smooth skin, not intending on taking it further but merely wanting to feel the womanly body. 

Leanne could feel the daring fingers take bold liberties and actually welcomed the tender caresses. Snuggling into the powerful arms of her young player, she felt protected and safe so it was easy to drift back into dreamland. Sensing that her slave was able to resist the temptation of another erotic encounter gave Vicki the incentive to conquer Leanne one more time. The twilight hours meant they still have another hour before they had to rise so the devil in her made her do it. 

Softly and ever so tenderly, she kissed Leanne's face and neck, using her skilled tongue to add a touch of perfection. In sort of a dreamlike state, Leanne felt the affectionate caresses and it was almost like being in paradise as her muscles turned to quicksand. When the sharp, demanding teeth nibbled on her ear lobe, Leanne felt someone entering her sphere of influence and she was obliged to give up her domain. 

She tried her utmost to remain asleep and treat the molesting as if it were not happening. Her tight stomach muscles quivered as fingernails raked there way across her flat tummy, threatening to venture lower. "Do you want me to touch you down there?" came the almost inaudible voice as Vicki whispered to her. "Open you legs so I can feel your wet pussy. I am going to make your pussy my very own as I love your body," the player informed her sexy coach. 

Without thinking or opening her eyes, Leanne did as her star player demanded, believing it was just a sweet dream. The shock of reality struck very quickly as the skilled fingers dropped into the coveted area of the raised womanhood and Leanne came awake with a sudden start. Before she could utter a protest, the hungry lips closed on hers and a kiss began. 

Initially, Leanne held her ground but was soon overcome by the powerful girl as the tongues met midstream. She was no match for the master and the intertwining probes collapsed into Leanne's mouth as she surrendered with a tiny sob. Her will was beaten in their earlier battle and Leanne knew this young girl was her leader. She vowed to succumb to Vicki's desires and knew the rewards were plentiful, as for some unknown reason, the lesbian lust was too hard to resist. 

Leanne knew what was next and she opened her legs in anticipation but when the fingers touched her, her body felt like it had been electrocuted. Her hips twitched and like magic, the fingers found the wet slit, which was flowing like a river. She sobbed at her own vulgar display of lost passion and wondered if Vicki knew how aroused she was after only minutes of foreplay. Her mind was inflamed by the very thought that she was without any control and that her entire focus was on what the young woman was doing to her. 

It was the most dire, desperate moan that escaped the older woman, as the finger embedded inside her most private love channel robbed the last bit of dignity from her loins. "Oh fuck, fuck I can't stand it when you do that to me," she moaned with a plea for Vicki to take her soul and do with it as she wished. How she could be so lost in desire was a mystery but all she knew was that she needed to be fucked in the worst way. 

The fingers were supernatural and it was only seconds before the creamy river flowed from her deepest regions, coating the long fingers. The loud sound of raw, filthy sex filled the room and knowing it was her cunt that was being ravaged made the affair mind-boggling. It brought a contented smile to Vicki's pretty face from seeing her coaches' body thrash violently over the sheets and she milked the tight pussy, prolonging the climax for as long as possible. 

Visions of the team initiation that was scheduled for later that day gave Vicki even more satisfaction as she dreamed of seeing Leanne's beautiful, sexy body in the hands of teammates. "Who would be the lucky girl to get to spend the night with the newly inducted coach and what would they do to her?" she wondered as she drew the last spasms from the battered loins. 

Locked in each other's arms, the kiss was one of lovers and one that consumed both minds in undaunted lust. For the first time in her existence, Leanne submitted her total being to a lover and she could not remember having such passionate orgasms, which gave her a sense of guilt. She loved Rod but what this young girl did to her brought newness, a difference to her mundane life. 

There were only minutes remaining before they had to get ready for the upcoming game so Vicki became desperate. No time for pleasantries or formalities, what Vicki needed was a royal fucking. She was already on a plateau of intense proportions and merely needed Leanne's caresses to bring on her orgasm. "Put your fingers on my cunt and fuck me right now. I need you to do it to me now, no fucking foreplay or pretenses, just fuck me," she ordered her companion and assisted Leanne's hand to the intended target. 

Feeling the burning flesh under her fingers, it was only natural to slip a slender finger into the wetness. "Oh gawd, do it, do it to me now," Vicki whispered encouragement to her lover. The pleas gave Leanne a satisfaction of knowing she was pleasing her woman and she stroked the throbbing bud which lay exposed for the taking. Each time she flicked the protruding clit, Vicki's hips thrust madly and it took no time for the spasms to rock her Amazon body. 

Leanne was much smaller, much weaker but she was controlling the dream girl. The climax made the naked body quiver and she finger fucked the girl like a pro. Explosions rocked her tall, lanky body and her mind fantasized of the future. Then Vicki thought it better to mention the planned ceremony that would be held following the last game of the day. 

"Leanne, the team is having the rookie initiation tonight for Sarah and Doris and we all really want you to be part of the team as well. Everyone goes through the ritual and you did say you wanted to be part of team bonding, didn't you?" she asked. The way Vicki phrased the explanations made it almost impossible for Leanne to refuse the invitation. 

"I know you girls have an initiation for rookies but I really don't think coaches should be part of it," Leanne reasoned with her team captain. Even in her confused state of mind Leanne knew that nothing good could come by being part of the induction ceremony. 

"All the girls think you are an integral part of the team and we all want you to partake in this," she said, stretching the truth somewhat so that it put more pressure on her coach. "It is not really that much of a big deal and once you go through it, the girls will find it easier to confide in you," again the girl used excuses to benefit her cause. "And besides, it's a tradition and all rookies go through it. I just think by you doing it will make you more a part of the Pandas," Vicki added and despair filled Leanne, as she had to agree with what her star player said. 

A tender hug and peck on the lips eroded the last bit of resistance and Leanne again conceded defeat. She would go with the girls as it was important for her to gain their complete confidence and she rationalized that there would be two rookies also going through the same ceremony. Her fate was sealed in a bottle and it drifted slowly out to sea as both women relaxed for the last few moments of bedtime. 

THE END Please email me with your comments or suggestions as they are appreciated.  

===

Please email me your comments or suggestions as they are always appreciated. Please be assured that this story is a fantasy and does not refer to any specific location or place. I do not agree with many hazing practices and this particular story is merely one for the reader to enjoy, keeping in mind it is erotic literature. 

* 

Leanne was the coach of the Pandas and they were participating in a season opening tournament at St. Mary's. Arriving on Friday evening, the team spent a restful night and the time was used up getting acquainted with roommates as everyone stayed in their assigned room. 

Leanne and Vicki, the team captain, were roommates and that proved eventful as the star player welcomed her coach to the fold. In a matter of hours, the two became acquaintances, friends, teammates, and best of all, lovers. Each felt a special bonding with the other and Leanne didn't think it possible to feel such an attraction for another woman. Being married to Rod, she was happy and they got along extremely well as man and wife. This new relationship was totally mystifying and Leanne felt a touch of guilt for what had happened. 

The pandas played three, real good games on Saturday and all players and coaches were satisfied by the results. Finishing first in their pool guaranteed them a place in the playoffs and made the trip a success even if things didn't go well the next day. For tonight, the girls had an initiation to conduct and all looked forward to it, except possibly the three who were going to be inducted into the team. 

All rookies went through the ceremony and this year it was going to be special because Vicki had talked their new coach into joining the ritual. Many of the players had secret agendas and for them to concede a spot in the ceremony for the coach was done for different reasons. Tonight, Doris and Sarah the two rookies on the Pandas were going to be initiated along with Leanne. As the time drew closer to the dreaded event, all three grew nervous and apprehensive. 

Leanne knew she should not be going through the ceremony as nothing good could come of it. When Vicki had told her about it last night and asked if she would like to be inducted, there was no way to refuse the expertly worded request. In the heat of passion, people often were persuaded into doing unordinary things. Reluctantly, Leanne had agreed to go through with it and prayed that nothing too severe would happen to her. Remembering that Doris and Sarah would also be there gave her a measure of comfort, as she wouldn't be the only sacrificial lamb. 

The players just had time to shower and change after the games before the scheduled rendezvous was to start. Vicki tried her best to give confidence to her new coach and did feel a touch of regret for convincing her to partake in the proceedings. Then her mind skipped over the events planned for the evening and a little shiver ran up her spine. She wondered what Leanne would think when it became apparent that she was required to submit to the initiation ritual. 

Glancing over at Leanne, Vicki was awestruck by her womanly beauty and how attractive she was even in a sweatsuit. She truly had a sexy body with breasts that many women would die for. They were 36B's and sagged ever so slightly, making most men admire the way they jiggled whenever she moved. Vicki thought back to last night and wondered at the way her hard, pink nipples stood out so prominently from the soft breasts. Her mouth actually watered remembering how sweet they tasted and how kissing them made Leanne squirm with ecstasy. 

At 5'7", Leanne was average height with a slim waist and nicely curved hips. Yes, Vicki was feeling regret for allowing this to play out like it was and wished she had not put Leanne up for initiation. Last night was probably her fondest experience in lesbian affairs and Vicki now knew she was beyond doubt a chartered member of the girls club. She realized that Leanne was a married woman and probably not a lesbian, but also knew that they had developed a special bond in a very short time. 

With the memory of what happened last night still fresh in her mind, Vicki remembered the neatly trimmed womanhood and how the sparse hair did so little to hide the immense beauty. Then the way her coach responded when she used her skillful tongue on her was with more passion and desire than any woman in her past. Yes, Vicki envisioned this evening being full of many breathtaking memories for all the Pandas. 

It was time to join the others in the meeting room set aside for this raunchy ceremony and Vicki wanted to blurt out that Leanne should reconsider. Seeing her lovely coach humiliated by the other players was enticing but also had a touch of remorse. Could she stand by and let them degrade the woman she was growing fond of or would she step in and withdraw Leanne's name? With a shrug of her Amazon shoulders, Vicki reluctantly led the way to room 205. 

There were 10 players on the Pandas and that meant that eight were holding the ceremony for Doris, Sarah and Leanne. The ritual was well documented and followed a set routine with all rookies going through it before they were considered true Pandas. It was mandatory for rookies but not for coaches and Leanne was the first ever coach to be inducted. 

Some of the other experienced players had noticed Vicki's sudden affection for their new coach and saw that she had quickly bonded to Leanne. Jenny and Rose were two that had secretly planned to take advantage of the newfound situation if they drew the lucky straw. Although they were not officially married to each other, it was well known that they were a couple. For the past two years, they had lived together and always roomed with each other during the season when on the road. 

Jenny was the dominant force in their relationship and Rose was more than willing to follow her in any endeavor. "I know the two of them are lovers and I want us to show them some sweet lesbo lovin' if we get a chance," Jenny told her partner. "If we win the draw, I want to payback that bitch for dumping us for some floozy," she informed Rose. "You just leave it to me, I'll get them both in our room and we'll fuck them with our new boy toys. Remember the last time we did it with Vicki and how she turned into a wimpy baby when we did it to her?" Jenny asked. "I want her to watch us do it to her new lover and then rape the bitch with our toys," she said and giggled with pure delight. 

Lynn, who was the assistant coach and Vicki's best friend, was also a chartered member of the Pandas but that was virtue of being a player before becoming a member of the coaching staff. She looked forward to the ceremony and relished the thought of seeing the new members in the nude. Although not a full-fledged lesbian, she did enjoy the fruits of girl love from time to time. Her affair with Vicki had gone on since her playing days when they both played for the Pandas. Both girls lived separate lives but kept coming back to each other as they had developed a true friendship. 

Vicki drew up to the door of 205 and held for a brief moment, hesitating before knocking. She looked at Leanne and noticed the frightened look in her dark eyes and it gave her a twinge of sorrow. Hopefully the trust and compassion that Leanne felt of her would not be destroyed during the upcoming sacrament, Vicki prayed and then gave a light tap on the door. 

Cindy, a tall, dark girl greeted them and led them into the dungeon. Mandy was the chosen leader for the night and she was the one to conduct the proceedings. All three victims were dressed in team sweatsuits while everyone else wore a combination of shorts, sweats and t-shirts, whatever felt comfortable. 

The exact events, which would be conducted this evening, were well laid out. They were structured so that each rookie was humiliated to some degree but also had signs of compassion, which was designed to welcome each into the team fold. The initial proceedings would have each participant demonstrate total submissiveness and compliance while the last part was designed to illustrate that the rookie was cherished by her teammates. 

"I want each one of you to sit on a chair with Doris on this one, Sarah here, and Leanne on this one," Mandy said as she gave the initial instructions and pointed to each girls intended location. Each girl rose and went to their assigned chair where Mandy had indicated and waited for her next order. The seats were aligned in a row and about three feet apart on one side of the room. 

"Now when I tell you girls that the ceremony is starting, from that moment you will not say one word or you will be disqualified," she said. "Is that clear? You will not say a word," she repeated so that her orders were understood. Doris, Sarah and Leanne all voiced their compliance to her instructions and then she continued. 

"I am going to place a blindfold over your eyes and then you will sit on your chair and wait for further instructions. You will sit perfectly still until I request you to move, then follow my directions explicitly," she told the apprehensive trio. "We will initiate one girl at a time starting with Doris, then Sarah and lastly Leanne. You two," she said and pointed at Sarah and Leanne, "will remain motionless until it is your turn." Then she gave them a questioned look to see if they understood the directions. 

"Now is everyone clear on what is going to happen and understand that there will be no talking until the end of the ceremony?" she asked and again the three nodded their approval. 

The preliminaries finished, Mandy proceeded to blindfold the victims with the black, sleeping masks. "Once the blindfold is placed over your eyes, the initiation begins," she said. When she tied the last elastic string, Mandy moved to the front of the girls and smiled at the three, frightened faces. 

Memories of her ceremony two years ago flashed into her mind and a shiver ran down her spine. It was not that the ritual was that hard to take, it was the sitting blindfolded and having to listen to the proceedings as they unfolded. She had been the second one to have the ritual done to her and remembered hearing the dreadful sounds of the first rite, wondering what they could be. It was certainly better to be first so a person didn't have to hear all the eerie sounds. Glancing at Leanne, she wondered if she would be able to withstand the mental abuse of the night ahead. 

"Once the whole evening is finished, that is this first phase followed by phase two, then you will be full-fledged Pandas," she told the frightened lambs. The three sat silent and time seemed to stand perfectly still as they waited their demise at the hands of their trusted teammates. 

Mandy moved to the far, left chair and stood directly in front of Doris whose breath caught as she sensed her approach. The other two knew it had begun and that Doris was about to have the rite performed on her. Their ears were finely tuned and could hear a pin drop, as each girl concentrated on just a single sense. 

Leanne, who was on the far right, knew she would have to endure whatever happened if she was to keep her sanity. She bit her lower lip and waited. "Please stand and do not move," came the first order to Doris. Leanne listened intently and thought she could hear the rustling of clothes. Then a distinct sound of a zipper was heard and it gave her goose bumps, knowing it was most likely Doris' sweatsuit top. 

There was more rustling of clothes and then a snap like an elastic band striking a hard surface. It was the sadistic move of Mandy as she pulled the elastic strap of Doris' bra out from her body, and then let it slap against her flesh. As she did this, everyone watched the startled faces of the waiting two girls who most likely knew the sound, as most clothing didn't have elastic. 

Then Mandy stripped the bra from the shivering girl and reached for the last bit of skimpy clothing. Everyone admired the girls taste as the shear panties made her womanly assets look very attractive. She had a dark complexion, with small pea sized nipples on fairly flat breasts, and a thick, black bush, which concealed her charms. There were a few ooohs and aaahs as the girl's naked beauty was exposed and then Doris uttered a couple of deep, low moans of agony. Mandy quickly cautioned her to be silent and the shaking Doris obeyed her order. 

The frightened girl was ushered back into her chair and Mandy positioned her so that she sat with her legs slightly spread. Leanne was sure she heard Doris groaning ever so softly and wondered if it was fear or excitement. To Doris, she could not remember being so afraid as she could only imagine what she looked like sitting naked in front of others. 

Mandy used her sadistic tendencies again by opening and closing a pair of scissors a few times to give each girl another scare. They could definitely tell it was the sound of shears and wondered what could possible be cut or trimmed. Suddenly Leanne could hear the scissors go to work. "No, no, oh no," Leanne heard the almost inaudible sighs which most likely came from Doris. Mandy put her finger to Doris' lips and shushed her to be silent. 

It took a few minutes to trim all the curly hair but nobody was in a hurry. The erotic scenes brought an intimate atmosphere to the room and all the girls watched Mandy's handiwork. Doris squirmed and twisted in her chair, as her legs were held splayed to enable all the curly lochs to be trimmed down to a mere whisker. 

"Please be still as I certainly don't want to cut you," Mandy whispered as she lay the scissors down and picked up a razor. Leanne's mind froze and puzzled over what she meant, as there was no clicking sound of scissors any more. The only sound was a soft scraping sound, which could be almost anything. Oh my, she thought, and her heart rate must have increased ten fold from the uncertainly of not knowing what was happening. Suddenly it sounded like someone was sobbing and Leanne reasoned it must be Doris who was crying. 

It took about fifteen minutes for Mandy, with the help of Cindy to finish with the first participant. The two spread the long, muscular legs wide enough to enable the razor to shave the trembling girl without leaving a nick or cut on the most tender assets. All the Pandas admired Doris' freshly shaven pussy and each had a kinky desire to touch the rosy skin. The dark, dense forest was no longer and the frightened girl sat in her chair, sobbing slightly. 

Suddenly Doris sensed that Mandy was moving away from her, over to her left and she gave a big sigh of relief. Phase one was over for her and none too soon as she was not sure she could have remained quiet much longer. 

Leanne's hearing was super sensitive by now and she could hear heavy breathing all around the room. Why, she wondered, but then she heard the sound of Mandy as she whispered to Sarah. "Please stand up and do not move," she said to the ultra-hyper teammate. Sarah was determined to fulfill her obligation and become a first-rate Panda. She moved her body to assist the leader remove her sweatsuit and again Leanne heard the rustling of clothes. The zipper was distinctive for a second time and Leanne realized that her suit would surely be removed. As silly as it sounded, she wondered if she wore appropriate under clothes. 

Mandy positioned the second, naked slave in her chair so that her hips were thrust forward which made it easier to trim the curly, blonde bush. The once neatly trimmed strip of hair running up from the girl's crotch lasted but a few seconds as the skilled Mandy cut all to a short, defined stubble. The whisker- like stubble would be left for Cindy's handiwork as she used the razor to completely remove every last blonde thread. 

When the last hair was shaved, Cindy used her hand to remove the remaining cream used for lubrication and with an evil grin, made the girl groan when she swiftly ran her finger along the crimson slit. All could see that Sarah was going to be a willing member for whoever drew her straw. The reddened flesh looked so appealing that Mandy felt an urge to caress the innocent pelvis with the pretenses of finishing the cleansing effort. 

Glancing to her right, Mandy could see the last inductee who was listening to everything with intent interest. Leanne's breathing became a little ragged as she felt Mandy shift over to her location and knew the time had come. "Please stand up and do not move," came the order and it was on shaky legs that Leanne stood. 

She wanted desperately to swat the hands away from her jacket as fingers grabbed the tab on her zipper. Slowly, very slowly the fastener was lowered and Mandy wanted this one to be special so she would act out the ultimate seduction. Leanne gave a tiny groan as the suit was rolled off her slender shoulders and cast aside like dirty laundry. Her breathing was extremely rapid by this time and when Mandy's fingers touched her tummy, Leanne almost collapsed. It took every ounce of willpower to not grab the fingers as they slowly lowered her sweatpants to the floor. 

Now standing in just bra and panties, the cool air gave her goose bumps and the anticipation was getting the best of her. The hardened nipples put bulges in the lacy bra the size of quarters and attracted everyone's attention. Oh gawd no, she is undoing my strap and going to take my bra off. Her vision was exactly correct as Mandy removed the frilly garment and her titties bounced in the open air. There was no script anymore and Mandy pinched the two hardened buds, feeling them swell even bigger in her fingers. Leanne almost screamed in agony and held her arms to her sides in obedient fashion, letting the young girl molest her boobs. 

Leanne felt she would surely faint when her last bit of dignity was stripped from her and she waited for the next step. Feeling the fingers roam over her fevered flesh, they left a burning trail down the middle of her body to the waistband of her shear panties. Oh no, the scissors were most likely used to trim her womanhood and now she knew what to expect. Suddenly she was filled with fear as what would she tell Rod. What would she say to her husband about her bush being trimmed? Oh gawd, she could only hope it was trimmed and not completely shaved. 

Her breath held for the time it took Mandy to strip the dainty garment down the muscular legs, leaving the astonishing, gorgeous woman naked in front of her team. Leanne almost fell when the Mandy guided her back to her chair. Seated, she felt Mandy's hands nudge her legs apart, wider and wider until they were spread in vulgar fashion. They were much wider than the previous two but that was the plan. Leanne desperately wanted to cover her cherished womanhood with her hand but knew the team would chastise her if she moved. 

Oh what would Rod say when he saw her, she asked herself. Then she became distraught over the impending hazing by her team and knew it was too late to back out. She scolded herself for making such a fatal mistake and allowing this to happen. Mandy's hand roamed over the hot, silky skin and brought the scissors to the intended area, touching the flesh ever so lightly. Leanne flinched madly as the cold metal grazed her skin and Mandy cautioned her to remain steady so she would not hurt her with the sharp instrument. 

Leanne felt like crying out loud when she heard the swish, swish of the steel blades and felt the short, curly hair being cut. It took minutes for the job to be done as Mandy went pain staking slow as if to punish the woman. She clipped the fuzz until there was merely extremely short stubble left and now came the sweet task. Cindy suddenly applied the cool, lubricating lotion and it made Leanne jump again with shock. "What the hell are they doing now?" she wondered as the liquid was applied to her reddened skin. 

"Now hold real steady as I really don't wish to cut your lovely skin," Cindy whispered to the distressed coach. Oh gawd, she is going to shave my pussy and all my hair will be gone, Leanne thought and anguished over the fact. The razor flowed smoothly over the entire area and stroke after stroke removed the last remnants of hair.  

===

Leanne's stomach quivered like mad and her emotions soared to the highest peak, as the thought of being shaved in public was earth shaking. Carefully, the razor caressed her skin like the fingers of many tiny daggers and she hoped with all her might that no one would notice. In reality, all eyes were glued to the erotic scene and it was quite evident that she was being aroused by the uncertainty of the ritual. 

A giggle could be heard coming from one of the girls as a tantalizing finger dipped into a forbidden crevice and Leanne's hips jerked in response. Cindy knew this wasn't part of the ritual but seeing the puffy lips spread to reveal the tender morsel was truly enchanting. She knew that Leanne would be at her mercy as the instructions prevented her from resisting anything that happened. The shapely hips jerked wildly as Cindy gave the exposed bud a tiny squeeze before setting her free. Everyone could see that their coach was truly a sexy vixen and her body would be a wonderful prize for the girl that won the draw for phase two. 

With the task of shaving Leanne finished, Cindy patted the soft baby-like pelvis and wished she would win the right to cleanse the sexy body of her coach. Mandy rose to take her customary position in front of the timid girls who by this time were anticipating the worst. Their confidence had been shattered and each felt they were under the control of their teammates. Doris and Sarah would accept the outcome as they wanted to be accepted by all the other girls while Leanne was very remorseful for letting herself fall into the humiliating trap. 

"Now you will all stand and we will complete the ceremony," Mandy said to the girls. Each stood and waited further instructions and all three were breathing with short rapid breaths. Heart rates were much faster than normal and they stood motionless, waiting for the dreaded next phase. 

"You girls will definitely look different than the rest of us, well maybe everyone except Rose," Mandy stated and it brought bursts of laughter from everyone. The inside joke was a known fact by the team as Rose was Jenny's intimate lover and always kept herself shaved to please her master. "Sorry Rose but I just couldn't resist," came the apology but none was needed. 

"The last initiation step will be final cleansing of our dirty rookies so they will be unsoiled and ready to be true Pandas. We will now draw to see which one of us will have the treasured task of washing the dirty girls. The winner of each rookie will take her for a shower and cleanse the inductee so she meets the standard," Mandy said in a calm, steady voice. "I must caution each rookie that they are required to submit to their masters wishes whatever that might be," she said. 

"A person just doesn't know what a shower will bring and it all depends on the girl who wins the draw," Mandy whispered and motioned for the box of numbers. "I am going to remove each of your blindfolds one at a time and you will be required to draw a number from a box to see who your master will be," she gave the exact instructions. Then she reached for Doris' eye covering and easily slipped it over her head. Doris blinked a few times as she got used to the lighting and thankfully it was not very bright. 

"Now Doris, please draw a number of one of your teammates and you will be required to go with her so she can cleanse your filthy body," Mandy told her. "This phase can last anywhere from five minutes, to one hour, to all night, depending on what the master wishes," she said so that the rookies would know their fate. Their destiny rested with the master selected by the draw and how far they wished to take the ceremony. 

Doris' fingers were shaking as she reached into the box and pulled out a number four. Immediately, Lynn stood and proceeded to a position right next to her victim. "Please put your sweatsuit on and we will go to my room," she whispered to the very frightened girl. Looking about, Doris spotted her discarded garments and slowly donned them before the two shuffled out of the room. 

Meanwhile, Leanne listened to the whole affair and realized that she would be required to decide her own destiny, which made it so humiliating. The girl whose number she drew would then control her future, which made it surreal. Suddenly she hoped that Vicki's number would surface, as she knew what to expect from her. 

Then the second draw was started and Leanne listened intently to see whom Sarah would pick. She heard the number two and when Cindy's name was announced, Leanne's tummy did a violent summersault, as she still had a chance to pick Vicki. 

Leanne could barely control her shaking body and wondered if she was really vibrating as severely as it seemed. Once her blindfold was removed, she saw the box in front of her, being held by Mandy to one side so the contents were hidden. It took all her courage for her to reach into the box and fumble until she grasped a tiny disc. She was afraid to look at it when she pulled it from the container and handed the number to Mandy. If time moved, Leanne was not aware of it and she stood perfectly still waiting to hear the dreaded call. 

"Number seven, and I am the lucky girl to induct our coach into the Pandas' fold," Mandy testified and smiled with the revelation. She was not a lesbian but liked to torment and tease to gain the upper hand. It was very fortunate for Leanne to pick Mandy, as she would not be put through a long, torturous ordeal. This was the one time Mandy relished as she used her newfound power to coerce unwitting rookies to do things that were sinful and at times immoral. 

"Come with me sweetheart and we will spend a peaceful evening together," Mandy whispered and bent over to pickup the discarded Pandas' sweatsuit. Handing it to Leanne, she motioned for her to dress before heading out into the hallway. Once dressed in the loose fitting outfit, Leanne was led by Mandy who took her hand and they departed into the shadows. 

With the six having left the room, it became very quiet as everyone dreamed of what was really happening in the three other rooms. Vicki knew that Lynn would be welcoming Doris in a nice way and would only make the girl do things that made her comfortable. They would most likely spend the night together and become good friends as a result. 

It was common knowledge that Cindy was shy and reserved and would not force Sarah into anything too sinful. She did have a dark side, which surfaced once in awhile, and this could be one of those nights. The memory of the tall, dark skinned Sarah being shaved sent a shiver through one or two girls, as they too wanted to be the lucky one like Cindy. 

Now what would happen in Mandy's room was anyone's guess but one of the second year players knew? Lois was inducted by her last season and knew that Mandy did possess a wicked trait. She would humiliate the coach and make her do things to embarrass her. Lois remembered masturbating not once but twice to satisfy Mandy's sinister requests. To her knowledge, Leanne would not be made to fulfill any lesbian tendencies, which in itself would be a relief to the married woman. Mandy thoroughly enjoyed being an audience and it thrilled her watching a young rookie humiliate herself. 

** 

Jenny ogled her captain and yearned for another round of erotic, passionate escapade with the sexy, Amazon woman. She never did forgive Vicki for shunning her advances after the one and only night together but then again, maybe she had good reasons. Rose was well aware of what Jenny had planned for this night and giggled to herself knowing that Vicki was the innocent victim. If Jenny were successful in convincing the team captain to cooperate with them, conquering the tall, lanky woman would prove gratifying. She glanced at the beautiful girl and the baggy suit did nothing to hide her shapely figure. 

The six players sat in the dimly lit room and dreamed of the prior ceremony. They had watched the three nervous women going through the hazing and found the experience very invigorating. Some of them would have to find alternate sleeping arrangements depending on if one of the six departed members were their roomie. Jenny and Rose who always slept in one bed were bunking with Lynn so that meant they had to find somewhere to spend the remaining evening or until Lynn was finished with Doris. 

The plan formed so quickly in Jenny's devilish mind that it even amazed her that it sounded reasonably shrewd. Yes, she thought, we have a good chance for success and the anticipation of having Vicki at her whims once again sent a chill through her body. 

"Since our room is being used, you don't mind if Rose and I spend some time with you, do you?" Jenny asked Vicki. The little, evil grin on her pretty face should have been enough to warn Vicki that this girl had something up her sleeve but she missed the telltale sign. 

Then Vicki's mind flashed back to that one time in her life when she was put under the control of another person and it scared her. She remembered being forced to succumb to every weird and kinky demand of these two lesbians and they made her do things that still haunted her. It made Vicki determined not to be put in that compromising position again. 

She shuddered from the memory of being bound, tied spread eagled on the bed for hours and these two girls using her body in every demeaning manner possible. How many times did she orgasm that fateful night she was not sure but she had to admit that these two were very accomplished performers. She vowed never to allow them to put her in such a binding position again and she wondered at how stupid it was to allow them to have so much control over her. Vicki was normally the person in-charge and her size and demeanor garnered the respect of most. 

Jenny's request would be difficult to refuse, as they were teammates and suppose to help each other out in times of need. Reluctantly, she had to accept their request and agreed to have them wait in her room until they could return to their own. Jenny was pleased and vowed to make her move once they got Vicki alone. She would put intense pressure on the Amazon until she broke her will and agreed to cooperate. 

The three departed for Vicki's room and once there, it was time for action. "Now you were real smart to seduce the gorgeous coach and to get on her good side," Jenny began. "Rose and I are going to ask her to join us tonight after Mandy is finished with her and I hope you don't mind?" she said with an evil smirk. "Do you think that she will like our loving and how do you think she will like being raped by a lesbian?" she asked the bewildered team captain. 

Vicki knew her teammates would assume Leanne and her had become close-knit friends after spending time together. Not wanting to see them get too jealous about her getting close to their coach, she was determined to keep their affair a deep, dark secret. After all, it became evident last night that the two did have special feelings for each other and they found it easy to relax in each other's company. Maybe it was motherly instinct or just an attempt to protect a friend, but Vicki quickly decided to do her utmost to save Leanne from further humiliation from these two. 

"We spent some valuable time together discussing the team and getting on the same page so we can develop common strategy. She's a married woman so it is probably not a good idea for you to seduce her," Vicki informed Jenny. "I don't think she is into girls anyway," she continued and hoped to discourage the two. 

"Come on, are you telling me that you didn't fuck the bitch," Jenny said with a serious tone as she was about to make her captain squirm. It was time to go on the offensive and Jenny was extremely good at dominating others. "I know how you like making love to nice, tender pussies and you probably ate her out all night," she told Vicki in an attempt to put her on the defensive. 

"No, we just had a quiet evening and talked about the team so she could get to know all the players better," Vicki said and blushed from the lie. "You know she is married and not into that sort of thing," she voiced her excuse and knew they would understand what she was talking about. Why Vicki even attempted to deceive such a shrewd person was a mystery, as it was very obvious by her shifty eyes and flushed appearance that she was telling a fib. 

"Then you won't mind if we show her some girlie lovin' and I am sure she will not mind spending time with other players. She will certainly get to know us better," Jenny said and gave Rose a knowing wink. "Of course we could always spend the night here with you and forget all about the beautiful coach?" she said in a questioning manner. "We could renew old acquaintances and I am sure you don't mind if we bunked together, do you?" she asked and Vicki did do some squirming as she searched for an answer. 

"You are certainly welcome to use Leanne's bed for the evening but I don't think it's a good idea for us to sleep together," Vicki said in an effort to ward off the demanding teammate. 

"Well we can wait for miss sexy as I don't think Mandy will be that long with her," Jenny said and it made Vicki's mind think of solutions. "Of course we can forget all about Leanne if you agree to let us have a little lovin', nothing too serious or involved," she said and grinned as she noticed the troubled look on Vicki's face. The captain was looking for a way to refuse their requests without hurting their feelings or shunning their advances completely. She reasoned that if she didn't accept their proposal, they would think she was devoted to their coach and didn't want to be unfaithful. 

"There is nothing between us and you are welcome to stay with me for awhile," Vicki said and cringed from knowing she would have to put up with their advances. Suddenly, Jenny moved up to her and hugged her with a show of tender emotion. Rose moved behind the tall, slender body and put her arms around the woman, slipping her dainty hands under the loose fitting top. Vicki knew that they would be offended if she avoided any contact with the pair so she allowed their caresses. Temporary is how she phrased it in her confused mind and she remained determined to fight off their advances. 

Skillfully, they guided their Amazon friend to the bed and all three bodies collapsed onto the soft mattress. Vicki held her lips pressed tightly together when the kiss started but was quickly convinced that a better reaction was to cooperate so she allowed Jenny's darting tongue to kiss her. 

It was happening so fast that Vicki didn't have time to recover from the initial attack and without thinking, she allowed Rose to remove her top. Then the two vixens worked together to strip Vicki's remaining garments and soon she was held between the pair, fully naked and vulnerable. Every time she raised a hand to stop a hand or mouth, she was assaulted in a different location. Things were happening so fast that Vicki really didn't have time to ward off their advances. 

Rose covertly slipped a loop over Vicki's extended right arm and in a blink of an eye, it was bound to the corner of the bed. Now trying to resist without being overly obvious, Vicki was fighting with only one arm, which made her no match for the determined twosome. Rose worked her magic and tied her left arm to the opposite corner and suddenly Vicki found herself in the most vulnerable position. She was dumbfounded at being tied up so swiftly by the pair and unable to twist free which made her easy prey for the domineering Jenny. 

With a slow and deliberate motion, the girl came face to face with Vicki. "We have grown since we last made love together and you will be surprised at how much. When I introduce you to our boy toys, you will become a new woman," she whispered and Vicki held her breath. "Have you ever been fucked with a 12 inch, black cock before," she asked the now frightened woman. As she was telling the horrid details to Vicki, Rose was completing the binding process. She put the ties around Vicki's struggling legs and deftly bound the ankles to the foot corners of the bed. Now spread-eagled and in a position where she would be at the total whims of the two, Vicki squirmed to escape without any real hope of doing so. 

"Squirm all you want but you are ours now," Jenny whispered into Vicki's ear. "You just be a real good girl and we will show you what we do to traitors," she said and grabbed a handful of long, flowing hair. "You just lie very still and Rose here will make sure you look exactly like your lover," came the next statement and Vicki's heart began to race. Glancing down to her lower extremities, she saw Rose with scissors in hand and an evil glint in her eye. 

Jenny held her team captain's head up so she could witness the degrading act of having her private area shaved. They would make Vicki look like a rookie after an initiation and then they would wait for her lover to return. Jenny had it planned so that both women would be fucked by her and Rose. They had experimented with big, fat strap-on dildos and found them to be both stimulating and dominating. Fucking two helpless women was totally mind-blowing and they could hardly wait to see the stunned look on their coaches' face when she returned. In the meantime, they would enjoy ravaging the vulnerable team captain. 

"No, no please don't do that. Please leave me alone, oh please," Vicki pleaded with the pair of villains but knew her plight was hopeless. She had vowed to never allow these two to put her in a paralyzing position ever again and here she was in such a position. Her limbs bound to the four corners of the bed, she would be used in any vulgar manner these girls wished to pursue. 

Vicki's eyes were open wide as she watched the sharp instrument move to her pelvis, snipping the curly hair at will. The brownish lochs were cut, falling between her thighs and low whimpering sounds escaped her throat as the horror unfolded. Vicki saw the sparse, pussy hair trimmed from between her legs and she held steady so as not to encounter the sharp edge of the scissors. In a matter of seconds, there was merely short stubble remaining on her raised womanhood. 

"No, no, please no," she pleaded again and again but without mercy, Rose grabbed the razor while applying the lubricating lather over the tender skin. Moaning sounds filled the room as Rose deftly shaved the pussy, using care not to harm the delicate flesh. She purposely moved slow, taking tedious strokes to remove the creamy lather and each stroke was agony for Vicki. The irritation caused her flesh to turn a reddish color and Vicki cried like a baby at the sight of her shaved pelvis. 

Tears were running down her flushed cheeks when there was a light knock at the door. All heads turned in the direction of the sound and Jenny's glee was obvious. "It must be our beautiful victim returning from the wars. Go let her in so we can show her what her lover looks like," Jenny gave the orders to her partner and giggled at the desperate look on Vicki's beautiful face. 

Rose went to the door and opened it to find a timid Leanne waiting. "Please come in dear as we were expecting you," she told the woman. As she entered the room, the shock of seeing Vicki tied to the bed and totally naked halted her advance. Leanne stared at the sobbing woman and wondered what on earth was happening. Their eyes met and Vicki wanted so desperately to explain the situation that must have looked so immoral. She wanted to tell Leanne that she was tricked and these girls forced her to succumb to their perverted demands. 

"Come in Leanne as your dear friend felt so remorseful for having you shaved during the initiation that she asked us to make her look the same," Jenny told the startled coach. "She wanted us to shave her pussy so she could look like her lover, as she told us how much she adores you," she lied and Vicki opened her mouth to respond. But how could she refute what Jenny had said as any explanation would sound unbelievable. She wanted to warn Leanne but knew it would serve no purpose, as the two villains were in total control of what was about to happen.  

===

Leanne could see the tears running down the rosy cheeks of her captain but didn't know the reason. She continued to stare at Vicki as the two girls guided her towards the empty bed and she moved on legs that felt like rubber. Leanne did put up a few futile struggles but in a matter of seconds, the two slipped ties around her wrists. Then Jenny gave Leanne a strong push, which made her fall onto the bed and she landed on her back with a thud. Each girl grabbed a binding and tied it to a bedpost in a split second before Leanne had a chance to escape. She was unaware of what their intensions were and begged them to stop at once. Her pleas went unheeded and Jenny and Rose merely continued by typing Leanne's legs so she was spread-eagled like Vicki. 

Each bound girl now rolled their head to the side and saw how helpless the other was. "Enjoy the fucking picture show honey as we are going to fuck your brains out with the biggest cock of your life," came the warning into Vicki's ear. Jenny was the one chosen to christen her one time lover while Rose would show Leanne the delights of a lesbian dildo. 

First, Jenny's evil mind came up with the plan to humiliate Vicki even more before consummating the affairs. With the skill of a pro, she dropped between the wide spread legs and devoured the waiting wetness. She spread the pink lips with her tongue and noticed how enticing Vicki looked, clean-shaven like a little girl. Her tongue glided up and down the narrow slit, which was longer than most, rising well above the rounded tip of her pelvis. Reaching the hood, she coveted the precise jewel and forced the lips apart to enable her to lick the gem. This made the shapely hips twist and turn with every caress in an attempt to escape the demanding tongue. 

Suddenly Jenny's hungry mouth covered the dampness, sucking the clitoris deep into her cavity. With the hood pushed to the sides and held there by her rosy cheeks, the entire clit was inside Jenny's mouth and she battered the tiny bud with her tongue. Vicki's hips responded to the vulgar thrashing and fuel was added to the fires building in her deepest regions. 

Her strong will to resist was slowly being overcome by this temptress and Vicki rolled her head towards the one savior who could help. She pleaded with her eyes, her lips moved but no sound came out of her mouth. It was a most futile attempt at redemption, as the erotic display seen by Leanne appeared to be consensual. Vicki saw her bewildered face and it filled her with shame and guilt, as Leanne was not aware of her plight. 

It was the sloppiest, noisiest slurping sounds that came from the pair as Jenny sucked the pussy without holding back and without any limitations. She rolled the bud in the abundant juices and Vicki felt the despair, sobbing without any chance of recovery. 

Rose suddenly left the coach unattended and joined her partner. She molested the heaving chest and sucked a rock, hard nipple into her hot mouth. When her sharp teeth closed on the tip, Vicki let out a moan of agony as Rose nibbled on the tender nipple. Then with a show of dominance, she bit the base of the nip and pulled out hard from the tit to stretch the nipple beyond the normal threshold. As Rose molested Vicki's tits, Jenny used her teeth to bite the throbbing flesh between her lips and there were eerie sounds of maddening lust that filled the room. 

The two lesbians used their expert mouths to bring a shocking orgasm to the Amazon and Leanne had not witnessed anything so violent or spellbinding. The only parts of Vicki touching the bed were her head and shoulders and her legs as she thrust up wildly to meet the hungry mouths. They sucked any remorse or shame from the beaten woman and both smiled in satisfaction, as they knew this was only the beginning. Licking the shaven womanhood was truly erotic and Jenny allowed the slave to summersault over the crest of the orgasm and start down the far side. 

Still sobbing with disgust, Vicki felt the climax roll on and on until she was able to bring her body back to the mattress. She gave a big sigh of relief when the two left her unattended and she felt every tired muscle relax. Rustling from the far bed drew her attention and she saw the lesbians attack the bound slave. 

There was very little foreplay or passionate caressing as the two women were already worked up into a frenzy and merely needed an escape means. It was Rose who needed to taste a pussy and she fulfilled her desire by sucking the soaked channel of love. Leanne's hips bucked like a bronco as the stiff tongue penetrated her pink slit and found the most sensitive clitoris. 

Her legs were bound, spread to their widest limit, which allowed the attacker all the freedom in the world. Rose moved her tongue in tickling fashion, which filled Leanne's mind with doubt and gloom. She wanted to resist in the worst way but the tingling deep inside her loins made her tummy go into convulsions. 

Leanne reasoned that this was forced sex and any consequences were totally beyond her control. Never having experienced such immoral lust, it brought an enticing element to the affair. Glancing to her right, she saw Vicki's teary eyes and it filled her with guilt. Then Leanne was struck by the sinful fact that she did not feel like she was betraying her husband but that she was unfaithful to Vicki. 

Suddenly, Jenny pinched both elongated nipples between her fingers and squeezed hard to make them throb in a mixture of passion and pain. When Jenny kissed Leanne on the lips, it startled the coach and she was unsure of what to do. The kiss developed into a hot, passionate French kiss that took Leanne by surprise and her mind swirled in confusion. 

Vicki watched the heated actions of her two, aggressive teammates as they assaulted their coach and it filled her head with distress for not being able to prevent the attack. What had that filthy bitch Jenny said earlier, that she was going to use a big dildo on her? Her stomach filled with butterflies as she anticipated the dreadful battering, which was most likely to begin as soon as they were finished with their degrading measures on Leanne. 

There was no doubt as to what was taking place in the next bed to Vicki and the erotic scenes played out in full view of her tear filled eyes. She watched a married woman filled with lesbian lust and saw how her lithe body undulated in tune with the two hungry mouths. Rose finger fucked the sweltering cunt and sucked the slender clit through her teeth while caressing the very tip of the raw bud with the tip of her tongue. 

Two mouths and four hands were more than any sane woman could withstand and any willpower within Leanne dissipated in a wisp of smoke as she succumbed to the two girls. "That's it Rosy, fuck the little pussy and make her cum in your mouth," Jenny whispered to her soul mate. "Can you see your lover being eaten by my Rosy?" Jenny whispered to the shaken woman in the next bed, as she wanted her to suffer even more. Vicki watched the hungry mouth rape her coaches' vagina and saw Leanne's white, sultry ass squirm over the sheets. 

"I'll bet you sucked these two titties just like this," she said and devoured a waiting rose bud like it was a lollipop. Sucking a nipple and caressing the other with her fingers, Jenny assisted Rose who was drinking from the woman's loins in true lesbian fashion. Leanne's juices flowed like steaming lava into the waiting mouth and she climaxed with undaunted fervor, conceding defeat to two young women. 

Vicki's mind was dizzy from watching the erotic actions in the far bed and the next thing that registered was seeing the tall, muscular woman strapping on the longest, black cock. Her eyes opened so wide they hurt and the pleading began. "Jenny, please gawd you can't be serious," she begged her lust filled friend. "Please don't, it will rip me apart as it is far too big," she pleaded without getting an ounce of sympathy. 

Leanne heard Vicki's pleas for compassion and suddenly noticed Rose standing at the foot of her bed. She too was strapping on a cock that would make any man proud and her breathing became ragged from fear. Not familiar with any of this type of sex, Leanne was naïve to what was about to happen but the sight of the extended cock filled her with apprehension. 

Suddenly the protests from the next bed grew more desperate and drew Leanne's attention and she watched as Jenny slipped between the long, extended legs. Vicki was unable to escape the impending attack and the bondage filled her with the most helpless feeling. In a crouched position, Jenny brought the thick, black monster to the lips of Vicki's glistening pussy and was thrilled by hearing the low moans of anguish. 

With a wicked smile adorning her pretty face, Jenny thrust the big head into the wetness and teased the woman without mercy. She whipped the head up and down through the channel, caressing every inch of the pink flesh and relished the erotic sight of freshly shaved pussy. Vicki's body twisted and struggled against the bindings but there was no place to go, no escaping the tormenting touches from Jenny. 

Leanne's mouth was wide in amazement from seeing the tremendous, black cock touch the woman that now held a special place in her heart. Seeing Vicki twitch from the caresses gave the affair a dreamlike appearance and Leanne was unable to look away. It was quite apparent when the thick head spread the vagina wide and entered the searing passion pit as a loud moan of agony filled the air. Leanne wanted to jump to Vicki's defense but her muscles refused to cooperate. 

"Your mine bitch and I am going to fuck you until I hear you concede your soul to me," Jenny told the now submissive player. "You may be the strongest player on the team and the captain but here in the bedroom, you are nothing but a pussy who needs fucking," she whispered so that all could hear. The Amazon woman looked so ravishing yet her body shook from sobbing after hearing the threatening words. 

"And you are going to watch your gorgeous girlfriend get fucked with Rose's big, white cock and you will be amazed at how a cunt can take such a big prick," she said and watched the pretty face become contorted by the torture. For added punishment, she gave her hips a little forward thrust, which embedded three, or four inches of black cock and brought another pain staking groan of protest. 

"Oh please, Jenny no more as I have never had a cock that big," Vicki begged the out of control woman. Jenny simply gave her a stern look, locking her eyes with her victim's; she tantalized the gaping pussy to bring further cries for sympathy as she moved her hips in a circular motion. Inch by inch she worked the monster into the vulnerable cunt and thoroughly enjoyed the agonizing sounds coming from the bound woman. 

Then Jenny arched her back into a big curve and this enabled her to reach her hand between the two crotches, which would soon meld into one. She had stretched the tight pussy so that half the entire shaft was embedded and now placed her demanding fingers into the wetness. Searching, Jenny found the tiny, pink knob and squeezed it between her fingers without any tenderness. She knew what this control button would do and her fingers were skilled in ways that only a woman would understand. 

Vicki thrust her powerful hips upward as the strong fingers stretched the throbbing clit until it was beyond the swollen lips. Glancing down to watch her handwork, Jenny felt a strong urge to further torment her captain. "Do you like it when I squeeze your clitty and pull it like this," she whispered and gave the elongated flesh a hard tug, which brought an immediate cry from the quivering mouth. Then she rolled the piece of meat vigorously between her fingers and never gave Vicki a chance to recuperate. Non-stop she caressed the throbbing clitoris. 

It was a futile attempt to ease the stress on the raw clit but desperately Vicki pushed her hips high off the sheets. This was a fatal error on her part as it gave Jenny the advantage she needed and she thrust down with all her strength. The blood-curdling cry filled the hotel room as the big, black cock penetrated the cervix like a knife through butter and the rubber pecker was embedded in Vicki's womanhood for the first time. She had never been filled with such a big cock and it stopped her breathing for a few seconds as she waited for the pain to subside. Jenny felt momentary compassion for her Amazon lover and held steady to allow her to withstand the sudden violent invasion. 

The pause gave both a respite and they glanced sideways at the rustling noises from the other bed. Rose was in a missionary position over her prey and desperate pleas were sounding from beneath her naked body. Her 5'10' frame, white from the lack of sun, looked much bigger and more powerful than Leanne's. She had fairly rounded hips and the straps of the dildo put creases in her soft butt cheeks. With a steady, firm hand, she held the long cock downward, aimed at her target and with sure, deadly accuracy, pressed the flared head of the man-like cock between the puffy labia. 

It was a replay of Jenny and Vicki from moments earlier as Leanne begged the dominating player to have mercy. "Please, please no. Please don't do it," Leanne pleaded with the young woman but it did little good. Suddenly it became deathly silent as the first few inches of white cock penetrated the vulnerable coach. Leanne was unable to breath and her heart was pumping at an alarming rate as it became apparent that nothing was going to stop these two lesbians. 

Jenny smiled with satisfaction and leaned down to put her face against Vicki's as it was turned to the left. With both cheeks pressed together, she whispered, "Can you see the two lovers and can you see how Rose is fucking your little sweetie." Intending to bring further anguish to the team captain, she continued, "Rose loves to fuck bitches with her long cock and you will see how she makes them climax all over the sheets. Tell me, does she cream when you lick her little pussy, as I know how you love eating virgin cunt. Showing a woman the lesbian experience is what you like isn't it? Especially when they have never been with another woman," she asked the shaken woman and felt her feverish flesh get even hotter. 

Slowly, with delicate precision, Jenny began moving in and out of the beaten teammate and Vicki's womanly juices quickly allowed her to pump with a smooth, easy stroke. The pain now gone, Vicki rolled her head side to side with a total powerless feeling. Every time she looked to her left, she caught glimpses of the two sweaty bodies, one moaning with immense pleasure and one crying with dire helplessness. 

Suddenly the domineering girl got a plan, which thoroughly invigorated her devilish mind. "I'll tell you girls what will happen. Rose and I are going to fuck you with our big cocks and the last girl to reach an orgasm is going to get fucked in the ass," she informed them all. With the startling revelation, both girls began pumping their cocks in and out of the slick, oily tunnels. 

"Oh gawd, oh gawd, you can't be serious," Vicki moaned not once but twice. Desperate to cooperate fully with the powerful girl, she squeezed her muscles around the thick shaft of steel and attempted to milk it. She felt her most inner regions start to shudder and willed the spasms to intensify. The dire words of her teammate were frightening and she didn't doubt for a second that Jenny would see it to fruition. 

Without any acting or false pretenses, she felt the convulsions shake her lithe body and her womanly cream coated the wide, black shaft, lubricating it so it traveled in and out effortlessly. "You always were a slut and will be my filthy slut from now on, is that clear?" Jenny told the woman and grabbed her hair, holding Vicki's face with inches of her own. "Tell me what you want and how you are the team slut," she whispered and demanded a response. 

"I feel it coming. I feel your cock and the org...aaah, aaah," Vicki began but was interrupted by the orgasm as it burst from her inner most regions. Jenny tightened her grip on Vicki's hair and forced her to continue despite the spasms consuming her body. "Fuck me with your big, black cock and fill my cunt with it," she moaned her response and suddenly she felt aroused by the vulgar talk. "Fuck me. I am your slut and please fuck me with your big cock," she said and felt the orgasm wash over her entire spirit. 

Jenny knew her captain was going through the throes of a quaking climax and now wanted to add further torture to her slave. She roughly turned Vicki's head so that she could see the action to the left and smiled when the shocked eyes opened wide. Rose was slamming the long cock into Leanne like she was possessed by the devil and it brought loud animal sounds from beneath her thrusting body. Leanne would never understand what possessed her as her mind was focused on the powerful sensations deep inside her once untouched tunnel. The extensive length was pressed into areas that had been unscathed by any cock and her womanly juices were coating the shaft in loyal fashion. 

The sight was overpowering as Vicki watched her coach get fucked by Rose and she saw how Leanne was meeting the lustful ardor with equal enthusiasm. All the sounds emitted by the two women were not real words but grunts and groans of intense desire. Wishing to punctuate the raunchy affair, Jenny held her lips next to Vicki's ear and whispered. "See how your bitch is creaming all over Rose's cock. Wow, what a climax and is she always that passionate?" she asked seeking to punish Vicki a little more. 

By this time, Vicki's climax had settled on a plateau somewhere over the crest and her hips settled down on the soft mattress pad. It was a mystery how these two lesbians seemed to achieve total control and Vicki was amazed at how she succumbed to their perverted desires. A shiver ran through her body from realizing she had reneged on her promise of not allowing them to gain the upper hand over her, ever again. 

Glancing at the sweaty bodies, she watched the final stages of erotic desire and wondered at how such immoral lust could happen to two innocent women. Suddenly Jenny whispered, "I will give you a chance to save your girlfriend and I won't fuck her ass if you cooperate." She said this and waited a few seconds for her words to register in Vicki's confused mind. 

"If you put on a believable performance for Rose and I, one that can make us both passionate and envious, you can save Leanne from getting fucked in the ass with my big, black beauty," she said with a threatening tone. "I want you to show us how much you like having your pussy eaten," she whispered but it didn't make any sense to Vicki. Looking bewildered, she waited for further instructions. 

"I am going to release your lesbian lover and you are going to beg her to eat you," she said. "Now do you understand?" she asked and Vicki gave a slight nod of her head. "If you succeed in having an orgasm, you will save our coach certain suffering from being degraded by my toy," she whispered. 

Then the most disgusting noise ever to reach Vicki's ears sounded as Jenny slowly withdrew the monster from the tight, confining tunnel. Every touch and caress from her teammate had a profound affect on Vicki and her body seemed to be more alive than ever before. She felt a slight sadness when the cock was withdrawn but also welcomed the temporary freedom. The realization came to Vicki that the one reason she hesitated to rekindle any relationship with Leanne was that she felt a unique compassion toward her. 

Vicki's mind was now numb and she looked on with glassy eyes as Jenny slinked off the bed and proceeded to loosen the restrictive bonds on Leanne. As her wrists were freed, Leanne rubbed them to restore the circulation to each hand. Then her legs were untied and she was free to move. Sitting up, she looked to her right into the pleading eyes of Vicki who was still in bondage. The sight of her Amazon body in all its gorgeous splendor was a beautiful picture and Leanne's tummy quivered at the thought she was attracted to another woman's body.  

===

"Listen! I think Vicki has something to say to you," Jenny said to Leanne in a taunting manner so that all could hear. Then Jenny stared at her victim who was spread out on the other bed and she wrinkled her eyebrow indicating that Vicki was to comply with her earlier demands. 

Unable to find a worthy alternative solution, Vicki shuddered as her heart rate rose to give her a flushed look. Jenny's stare brought the intended results and intimidated the captain which made her respond, fulfilling her wishes. "Leanne, I need you to make love to my body, please," Vicki whispered in a soft voice, almost not audible from the opposite bed. 

She wanted to add the reasons for complying with the vulgar demands but thought it would only complicate the issue. Vicki wanted to tell Leanne that it was necessary to have her perform the cunninglingus or else she would experience most degrading anal sex at the hands of these two lesbians. No, she couldn't let her real feelings be known and would have to succumb to Jenny's perverted orders. 

"Leanne, I need you to kiss my body, make love to me right now," she said and looked her in the eyes so she would know that she was serious. "We have to do this or else?" she whispered and hoped that her coach would understand the hopelessness of their situation. 

Jenny seized the opportunity to swiftly shift and take a position next to the trembling woman, as she knew that words of encouragement would be needed. Putting her face close to Vicki, she whispered ever so softly. "You will have to talk her into it and I want to hear you talking dirty," she said. "The dirty talk will make me believe you are serious and then we will let you both go free," she whispered in a hushed voice so only Vicki could hear. 

Vicki now knew what was expected and hoped she could go through with the most degrading demands. Could she convince Leanne to make love to her and do it in such a way to fulfill Jenny's wishes? 

"Leanne, I really need you to suck my pussy," she said and realized that using tame words would not satisfy the villain. "I need you to suck my cunt, eat my cunt and drink my love juices," she said as her voice sort of broke in spots. "I need you now, please do it for me," she begged the coach and hoped she would react before Jenny got angry. 

Rose encouraged Leanne by putting her hands on her upper body and tried to guide her towards the other bed. Leanne heard the desperate words of her admired captain but hesitated to cooperate because of there being an audience present. She did feel that without Rose or Jenny in the room, she would not have waited for an invitation and would have kissed the woman exactly where she wanted. 

The words kept echoing in her distraught mind and with a final push from Rose, Leanne slowly moved across the wasted space between the beds. As she drew nearer her lover from last night, she could feel the intense heat from the naked body. "Do it Leanne, please kiss my cunt. I need you to fuck me and use my slut body," she whispered softly to her cherished friend. The restraints made Vicki feel so helpless and she knew that the only way to convince Leanne of the dire situation was by talking. 

Vicki set her jaw in a determined manner and continued. "Please get your fucking face between my legs and use your mouth on my cunt. Put your tongue in my pussy and lick me until I cum all over your face," she said and blushed from the vulgar statements. 

Leanne wondered how her captain could talk to her like that but moved in compliance with the orders. She flinched as her small hands closed over the burning flesh and held for a brief moment. Then there was a slight prodding from behind and Rose voiced one last reason for her to fulfill the demands. "If you don't do as your lover wants, I am going to use my big, long cock on your ass," she whispered and suddenly Leanne knew she had no alternative. 

The sight of the bald, shaved pussy was enticing and it made her stomach quiver. Suddenly a hand went between her legs and urged her to continue or else. She almost screamed as the strong fingers closed immediately on her exposed clitoris and she realized the bud must be swollen to be left so available. "We don't have all night bitch, get your fucking mouth on the slut's cunt," came the order and Leanne wasn't sure who gave it. 

With a tiny sob, Leanne put her mouth next to the soaked lips and tasted the tangy wetness for the first time. There was an urgent request at Vicki's ear and she was powerless to stop the scenes from unfolding. "Yes, kiss me there, yes, yes," Vicki moaned as the virgin mouth sucked its first pussy. Suddenly Leanne remembered someone saying to lick the clit and knew from past experience what that did to a woman. When her daring tongue slipped between the rose pedals, loud moans of despair were heard throughout the room. 

Jenny couldn't wait for the slow process to unwind so she voiced her demands. "Suck the clit and make the slut cream in your mouth," she said. "Put your hands under her tight butt and squeeze her ass, dig your nails into the soft flesh and make her scream," she said and moved her face next to Leanne's for effect. "Make her scream or else," she warned her timid coach. 

Leanne's hands did as Jenny told her and when she felt her fingers digging into the tender flesh, the results were peculiar. She heard her lover screaming, whether from pain or ecstasy she really didn't know. Then by sheer instinct, she devoured the open pussy and thrust her tongue into the heated passageway. Feeling Vicki's hips respond to the fucking maneuver gave her confidence that she was doing it properly. When her sharp teeth closed over the extended clit, which wound up between her lips, the nectar flowed without any restraints. 

Suddenly Vicki was overcome with the lust and wanted to comply with Jenny's earlier requests. "Fuck me, fuck me and eat my cunt. Make me a slut and eat me like that, yes, yes, use your teeth on my clitty. Oooh gawd, it hurts so much but still feels so gooood," she moaned. 

With her back arched and her head rolled backwards, Vicki closed her eyes and let the ecstasy overtake her body. A hand sneaked onto her exposed breast and Vicki was sure it was not a hand of her lovers. She didn't care anymore and needed to be released from pent up desires. Maybe it was the actions of her coach, who was now eating her most private treasures like they were sweet candy, or maybe it was just the erotic situation, which the two lesbians had set up, but Vicki was not in control of her emotions. 

The tongue-lashing was equal to that of a pro, a girl who understood what made a woman feverish and Leanne whipped the swollen clit in the abundant saliva and juices, pausing to nibble on it with her teeth every few seconds. Desperately, Vicki tried to close her legs to prevent utter embarrassment, which was inevitable if she didn't gain a respite. The bonds kept her legs spread and now Leanne battered her lover with what was intended to be loving caresses. 

"No, no, oh please not anymore, oh please I can't hold off much longer," Vicki pleaded with her last remaining strength in a futile attempt to halt the embarrassment. Her lust filled mind reverted back into her own private world and felt the shame of having to perform in front of spectators. She knew that if Leanne didn't stop sucking and licking her crevice at this very instant, she would be turned into the slut that Jenny intended her to be. 

Jenny and Rose were spell bound by the erotic sight of the twisting, thrashing woman with the slender, sweaty body between her splayed legs. Leanne was on her knees in a crouched position and her nakedness was an immense turn-on for the two girls. They looked at each other and no words had to be spoken for each to know that the sexy body drinking from the fountain would be ravished once again. 

With one last attempt, Vicki tried for a reprieve. "Leanne, please, you are making me oh so close," she pleaded. Her words and actions had the most profound affect on Leanne, as never before in her life had she possessed such power. Never had she been dominant or in control of another person during sex. And now this person was in her hands and she could feel the stress, the tension in Vicki's muscles. When she squeezed the burning ass, it brought the vulnerable hips upward. Then she sucked the throbbing mass deeper into her volcano and it made the velvety hips shake and shiver. Sucking and nibbling the sensitive clitoris brought desperate pleas for closure and she was now determined to give Vicki just that. 

Leanne's nails dug into the amorous flesh and her teeth closed. A scream was the result of the violent passion and it was music to Jenny's ears, as she thoroughly enjoyed the intimate lust. She did her part by pinching the hardened pebbles so hard that Vicki began making incoherent sounds. 

Rose needed something and she found Vicki's open mouth and kissed it with as much passion as she could muster. The three women controlled the Amazon body and nothing so severe had ever happened to Vicki as the orgasm burst from its shell, flowing like honey into the mouth of her new lover. Leanne realized that something extraordinary was happening to her captain and she was thrilled to be bringing such joy to another person. She welcomed the tangy taste of the fountain and Leanne licked the open slit, never leaving the throbbing clit for more than a second. 

With her limbs bound to the corners of the bed, Vicki was at the mercy of the three crazed women and they took no pity on her. The orgasm was causing the strong, muscular body to spasm out of control and she was unable to control the dire need within the nucleus of her womanhood. 

The last few convulsions rocked Vicki's sweat covered body and the two lesbians set new goals. Rose concluded her passionate kiss and slipped behind the crouching woman who was unaware that she was next to be dominated. It startled Leanne when hands closed over the burning flesh of her hips but she obediently continued to caress Vicki with her hungry mouth. 

Jenny felt the climax was ending so she also slipped away but had other intensions. She grabbed her handbag and quickly took out a digital camera. The few flashes of bright light surprised Vicki and Leanne but it was over so quickly that the two did not heed the warning. Jenny wasn't sure if the pictures would be needed but the sultry images of a coach eating her team captain would certainly be controlling evidence. She giggled as she took pictures of her partner preparing for the next sacrifice, caressing the nakedness, which was openly displayed in such a vulgar manner. 

Slowly, Vicki's emotions drifted out of the clouds and she became aware of Jenny who was right next to her. "I am going to undo your ties and I don't want you doing anything stupid," she whispered. "I have just taken some pictures of you being eaten by our lovely coach and I don't think you want these pictures seen by others, do you?" she asked the bewildered woman. 

Now the bright flashes noticed a couple of minutes ago made sense. Yes, this woman thought of everything and certainly held the upper hand. The one thing that frustrated Vicki was her inability to ward off the advances of the two lesbians. A shiver ran through her body from the fact she was under their control and they had no reason to use bondage, as she would be forced to succumb to any of their vile demands. Jenny was set to satisfy her corrupt mind by making the captain do something she would never normally do. 

"Now we are going to see the ultimate loving making session as you are going to fuck the gorgeous coach," Jenny said with a stern tone to her voice. "You are going to use my over-grown black cock and turn our new coach into a screaming slut. By the time you are done with her, she will have no desire to make love to her husband," she said with a smile adorning her pretty face. Then she proceeded to untie the bindings and waited for her words to register in Vicki's confused mind. 

What had her teammate said to her, Vicki asked herself as the demand swirled through her brain? Strap on the black cock and fuck Leanne! After a minute passed, Jenny prodded and guided the horrified woman to the side of the bed. Rose knew what was intended and told the devastated coach that she was to lie with her back on the bed. This Leanne did and stared off to the side, watching the most unbelievable spectacle. Her lover and cherished friend had fitted the biggest cock to her hips and it bobbed up and down between her legs, drawing a wide-eyed stare. 

"You do as you are told and no one sees the filthy pictures. I want you to use my black monster on the slut," she whispered, holding her lips next to Vicki's ear. The two moved in unison, Jenny guiding Vicki to the foot of the bed where Rose had positioned the victim. How she took up the despicable pose between the splayed legs, Vicki would never know. Glancing down at the much smaller woman, she could see the pleading look in the woman's eyes as her assailant drew nearer. 

Jenny was impatient for the looming erotic affair and rolled around Vicki's naked body, grasping the long, thick shaft in an ominous manner. "Oh gawd, what are you going to do?" the frightened woman asked. Leanne could see this large body, even bigger than her husband Rod's, between her legs and the black demon poised at the entrance of her womanhood. When it touched her flushed body, Leanne flinched wildly as she knew what the future held and sobs shook her slender frame. 

Time stood still for everyone as the erotic scenes unraveled. A loud gasp was heard when the wide, flared head spread the delicate labia, encountering an abundant amount of juices. It slipped through the pink flesh with very little friction until it spread the vagina to accommodate the vast thickness. The cock was so thick that it stopped Leanne's breathing on entry as nothing this big had ever been inside her. Even Rose's dildo, although a similar length, had been considerably thinner than this massive tool. 

The thought of being fucked by a black cock had a profound affect on Leanne but not nearly as earth-shattering as it was to Vicki. The captain watched with horror filled eyes as she pressed her hips forward and saw the first few inches of steel disappear inside the sobbing woman. There had to be some demon possessing her as Vicki complied with Jenny's blackmail demands and she had no intention of resisting. The soft moans and pleas for her to stop were like a drug to her inflamed mind and the small struggling woman was no match. 

Knowing she was in this same compromising position not that long ago gave the assault a surreal affect. Vicki used all her acquired skill to work the big cock into the coach and it took several minutes to feel the shaven pelvis near the balls of her strap-on. Vicki's eyes were glazed as she watched the penis move in and out of the white pussy, in great contrast to the black shaft. 

Jenny was now behind the Amazon and urging her on by pushing with her hands on the firm ass. When she squeezed the rounded cheeks and dug her fingers into the flesh, Vicki thrust forward with the same urgency. There was no pain, only a filled feeling that gave Leanne an immoral sense of guilt. She should be fighting and struggling with all her might but she simply lay still, allowing the sinful act to ensue. 

Leanne felt assured that she could endure the evil assault that was until strong, skilled fingers dipped into the hood of her labia, seizing the protruding clit. The blood rushed to her head, making her faint and she knew the end was near when the first explosion erupted in her epicenter. She closed her eyes tightly and dreamed it was her husband fucking her and that she was not unfaithful. 

Suddenly the sensations were beyond tolerable and she lost a grip on reality. In the dim light she could see her attacker and knew that it was a woman who made her inner regions respond with a newfound ecstasy. She sobbed with shame but knew she wanted Vicki to defile her. "Fuck the slut and stick that big cock deeper," came the orders, which only inflamed Leanne's mind instead of making her disgusted. 

For the first time in her life, she wanted it badly and begged for it. "Fuck me, fuck me and make me a woman with that black cock," she moaned to her adversary. "Oh yes, yes, it is so deep and I can feel it filling my cunt like a real cock. I want you, please fuck me," she whispered and succumbed to the most smutty demands of her life. 

Leanne would forever remember the first shocking orgasm brought on by the unique dildo and knew she was a changed woman. Her team was paramount in her line of thinking and would always remain so. Now she realized she would do anything to see the team be successful, but also she would do anything her players demanded of her. She needed them to use her, corrupt her in any method they wished as long as they took control of her feelings. 

So many things rushed through Leanne's bewildered mind that it was hard to concentrate on any single one. Her future as coach of the Pandas would be in jeopardy if she did not become a slave to these young players. Suddenly a tidal wave washed onto the shores of her womanhood and the orgasm flooded her sanity, making her forget the shame. Her goal was to satisfy her lover and she did that by wrapping her strong legs around Vicki's waist. 

With a sudden vicious thrust, Jenny pushed the naked ass forward and embedded the black demon in the dripping hole. There was a big whoosh of air from Leanne's chest and then she realized that a cock penetrated her womb for the second time this fateful evening. Somehow fingers still encircled her throbbing clitoris and yanked it out from her pelvis with the recklessness of a savage. Being a slut held a new meaning and Leanne willingly gave herself to these women. 

All four women fantasized of desire and bliss and each felt secluded in their own little world. Leanne's mind was consumed by the lust and the ecstasy made her do uncommon things. The other three dreamed of the future and what erotic fantasies would be fulfilled. 

When the fires deep within had been extinguished in all the women, Jenny and Rose settled in one bed for the night while Leanne and Vicki used the other. There was no movement for many hours, and when rustling did occur in the married couples bed, the coach and captain heard everything. They held each other and Leanne whispered, "I think they are going to make love." There was really no need to state the obvious but she felt by saying it, it would bring her team captain closer. When the soft, caring lips found her enlarged nipple, Leanne knew she would not resist and hugged Vicki tightly into her womanly body. 

THE END 

Please email your comments and suggestions as they are always appreciated. Report_Story 
