The Boys at the Frat House
==========================
#1 

 

 

===

The Boys At The Frat House By Just Plain Bob 

 Stephanie and I had been living in Houston in a rented apartment when her parents died in an automobile accident. In their will they left Steph their house in a college town that I will not name and we flew back to put the house on the market. Once there we found that the job market was good and that work in both our fields was plentiful and so we decided to keep the house and relocate. The house was located on a street that was known as "fraternity row" since two thirds of the fraternity and sorority houses were located on it. Our house was about an eighth of a mile from them and it meant a lot of traffic on the street, especially on Fridays and Saturdays, but that was pretty much the only drawback to living there. 

 There was one more drawback to having the house, but only from my perspective. The apartment that we'd had in Houston didn't allow pets and having a house meant that Steph could now have a dog. Now, I don't dislike dogs, I just don't want one. Cats are fine because they don't require much in the way of care. Keep the food dish full, the water dish full and the litter box clean and a cat will take care of itself. The same thing can't be said for a dog. Dogs have to be walked, taken outside three or four times a day so they can dump in the yard, which eventually you will have to clean up. If you want to go away for the week end the cat can be left behind at home, but with a dog you either have to take him with you, find someone to dog sit or take him to a kennel. 

 And then there is the barking. Whenever something bothers the dog, which is most usually in the middle of the night, he (or she) can usually be counted on to bring you out of a sound sleep. All in all, I just did not want a dog, but Steph did and so we got a dog, a big Great Dane and she named it Max. 

 Steph was a runner and she runs a good five miles a day, usually in the cool of the evening, and she would take the dog with her. She would usually be gone for an hour and forty-five minutes to two hours and that was what I called my 'quiet time'. I t gave me the opportunity to do all the things I needed to get done without Steph constantly bothering me to do this or that. We settled into a routine and over the next couple of years life ran smooth and was good. Then my employer started expanding and I started being sent out to oversee the setup of new offices. It was on one of these trips that I met Charley. Charley was the office manager of our new startup office in Atlanta and on the third night I was there he asked me to join him for dinner. First we talked about business and mutual acquaintances in the industry and then he commented on the fact that his younger brother Danny went to college in my town. 

 "The kid has it pretty good. I just hope all the partying he says he's doing doesn't interfere with his grades. One thing for sure, he's getting a lot more pussy at school than I ever did. His fraternity even has their own whore. She comes to the frat house every Monday through Friday and pulls a train. She takes on as many as she can do in an hour and then she has to hurry home to her husband." 

 I asked him what fraternity his brother belonged to and he told me and it turned out that it was one of the ones just up the street from Steph and me. I jokingly said that I would have to look his brother up, "Maybe he can arrange it so I can ride the train." 

 Charley laughed and said that there was an interesting story about how the woman came to be the frat house slut. 

 In the evenings the guys would sit on the porch and drink beer and watch the girls go by and enjoy the evening. There was one girl, an older woman actually, that they loved to watch. She would jog by every night with her dog and they would watch her tits bounce and whistle at her and she would smile and wave back. This went on for a couple of months and then one day the dog got away from the woman. The dog came running down the street and the woman was running after it and hollering for the dog to stop. Danny and a couple of guys jumped off the porch and caught the dog. The dog was panting heavily and when the woman came up Danny suggested that they give the dog some water and they offered the woman a soft drink while she waited for the dog. One of the boys ran inside and came back with a soda. While she was drinking it the boy who had run in a got it told Danny that he had put some of his "special sauce" in the drink. I interrupted Charley to ask him what he meant by "special sauce?" Charley laughed out loud and said it was what they called the date rape drug they had. Then he went on with the story. 

 In about five minutes the woman was feeling light headed and woozy and the boys took her into the frat house and laid her down on a couch in the game room. They waited another five minutes and then they began to slowly undress her. She kept asking about her dog and it never seemed to occur to her that she was slowly being stripped naked. Even when her legs were pulled apart all she said was, "What are you doing? Where is my dog? Is my dog okay?" It wasn't until the first cock pushed into her that she became semi aware of what was happening. She kept saying, "You can't do that. Only my husband can do that" until the drug started wearing off. By then five of the guys had fucked her and there were four more waiting their turn. As the drug wore off she became more aware of what was happening to her, but by then her body had taken over and it wanted to keep on doing what it was doing. By the time the last man in line had fucked her she was begging for more and the boys lined up for seconds. She had only done three of them before she glanced at a wall clock and said, "Oh my god. I've got to get home before my husband calls the cops." She pushed the guy that was fucking her off and started grabbing for her clothes and ran out the door dressing on the way. 

 The next night she jogged past and they waved and whistled but she kept jogging and didn't even look their way. Then it was the weekend and she didn't usually come by on Saturday and Sunday. On Monday she came by and they waved and she looked their way, but didn't wave back, but about a hundred feet past the house she slowed and turned around and came back and asked if she could have some water for her dog. While one of the guys went to get water for the dog, Eric, the boy who had laced her soft drink, asked her inside and told her that he had something he wanted her to see. He took her into the game room and sat her down on the same couch where she had pulled the train and then he put a tape in the VCR. 

 "We wanted you to know that we took good care of your dog the other night" and as the picture appeared on the tape the woman got a smile on her face. "Brad's dog was in heat and we gave your dog first shot at her." On the screen the woman's dog was mounted on a Border Collie and he was hunching away. The woman laughed and said, "I'll bet he loved that." After a couple of minutes the picture changed and the woman saw herself being fucked by one of the boys. "How about you" Eric said, "Did you love it too?" The woman just sat there and stared at the screen and after a couple of minutes Eric unzipped himself and took out his cock. He took the woman's hand and put it on his member. She didn't take her hand away and after another minute or so she slowly started to jack him off. Five minutes later she was naked on the couch and pulling another train while the boys taped her in action. 

 Every night since then she stops at the frat house and watches the tape from the night before while the boys make a new one. They promised her that no one outside the fraternity will ever see them, but that wasn't exactly truthful. They intimated that no one outside the frat house would see them, but what they really meant was that only fraternity members would ever see them. And you know how it is with fraternities, right? Once a member always a member. I've got two of the tapes and let me tell you she is one really hot bitch. I'm thinking of flying back for a day or two so I can get a piece of her. Tell you what, you're going to be here two more days so why don't you come over to my place tomorrow and watch the tapes with me. Hey, you might even recognize her and be able to get something going with her when you get home. Danny says it's a turn on knowing that while someone is downstairs feeding Milkbones to Max the rest of the guys are upstairs feeding their bones to the woman." 

 He saw the expression on my face and said, "What's wrong? You look like you've seen a ghost." 

 In a weak voice I asked, "What did you say the dog's name was?" 

 "Max. He's a big Great Dane. Why?" 

 All of a sudden I felt terribly, terribly sick. Report_Story 
