#1 

 

 ****** The Wedding - The Funeral ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© Foreword: 

 I know that a lot of people think that the letters sent in to magazines such as Penthouse Letters are phony and are actually written by the magazine's staff. On that I can't say for sure one way or another. I do know that a lot of the letters sent in are fantasies and I also know for sure that when the magazine receives letters the editors change them for one reason or another. How do I know this? Because it has happened to me. In the fall of 1996 I sent a letter to Penthouse Letters that was published as The Letter of the Month in December 1996 under the title of Coming and Going. The letter had been changed so much that the original "flavor" had been lost. In fact, from my standpoint, they butchered it. I was doing a hard drive cleanup last week and I pulled up the original that I had sent in and thought it would be a kick to post it in its original form and see if anyone remembered it and could see the changes made by the Penthouse Letters staff. The title that I had originally given the story was The Wedding and The Funeral. 

 ++++++++++++++++ 

 I'd led a pretty active sex life when I was in high school and as a result my reputation wasn't very good. Determined to turn things around, I made a vow that I was going to be a 'good girl' in college, stay away from boys and just earn my degree. It was a vow that lasted all of two months. Two months into the term I met Henry and fell absolutely head-over-heels in love. Henry had, at least in my opinion, one major flaw - he was determined to remain a virgin until he married. No matter how hard I tried I could not get Henry to fuck me. I would give him handjobs and blowjobs and when he got hot I would pull off my panties and try to mount him, but he would always push me away and tell me to be patient. As a result I was always super horny and considerably frustrated. Several boys from my hometown, who had in the past shared my favors, were always sniffing around, but even though I was sorely tempted, I figured if Henry could wait until the wedding, so could I. 

 The day of our wedding I was extremely antsy, wanting to get all the ceremonial bullshit out of the way so we could get to the bedroom, but with both family and friends all over the place we had to go through all the motions. By the time the reception was almost over I was hotter than a firecracker thanks to all the 'feels' I received while dancing with men who had at one time or another fucked me or been the recipients of either one of my blowjobs or hand jobs. One guy even cornered me on the way to the bathroom and asked me to kiss the head of his dick for old times sake (after looking both ways to see if anyone was around, I did it). All of the attention, plus my eager expectation of finally getting fucked after a full year of going without, had me more than ready. 

 Fate has a way of fucking you over though and on that night fate got me good. It was time to leave the reception and Henry was falling down drunk. I don't mean 'tipsy', or 'mellowed out', I mean he was in a stupor. I had to get Charlie, the best man, and a couple of the guys who had been ushers to help me carry Henry up to our room. They dumped Henry on the bed and the ushers left while Charlie stayed to help me get Henry out of his clothes. We got him undressed and we were standing there looking down at him when Charlie turned to me and said: 

 "There is no way that a sexy lady like you should have to spend her wedding night without being made love to." 

 And with that, he put his arms around me and pulled me to him and kissed me on the lips. He caught me by surprise and while I didn't return the kiss, I didn't push him away either. His tongue probed my mouth as he gently turned me and bent me backwards and I suddenly found myself lying on the bed next to Henry with Charlie on top of me. Charlie had the fastest hands of any man I ever met because before I could push him away he had my wedding dress up around my waist, the crotch of my panties pulled aside and at least two fingers in my pussy. As his tongue worked in my mouth and his fingers probed my cunt I tried to push him away and when he pulled his mouth off mine I told him to stop. 

 "We can't do this, its not right. Please don't Charlie, please don..." but it was too late, for with one quick move he rolled just a little, the head of his cock touched my pussy lips and with one little shove - he was in. I kept saying, "No, we can't, we can't do this. Its not right, we can't" but of course we were doing it and by the time he had pushed into me four or five times I was starting to fuck back. I pulled my legs back until my knees were almost touching my ears and levered my pussy back up at him and took him in as deep as he would go. He hadn't plunged his cock into me more than a dozen times before I went into my first orgasm. I reached up and grabbed the cheeks of his ass with both hands and pulled him to me and started urging him on. 

 "Fuck me, fuck me, come on fuck me harder" and Charlie listened and obeyed. 

 He was pounding into me and I had forgotten all about Henry. The only thing I had on my mind was Charlie's beautiful cock as a second orgasm washed over me. I was making all kinds of noise by now, moaning, groaning, and begging Charlie to fuck me. I was thrashing around on the bed like a woman possessed (which I suppose I was) and I'm only surprised that I didn't dump us all on the floor. When I felt Charlie tense up and I knew he was going to cum I tried to get him to slow down just a bit because I felt another orgasm building in me and I didn't want him to finish and leave me hanging, but he was too far gone and as he pumped his hot sperm into me I was crying "Don't cum baby, don't cum -stay with me - I'm almost there - hold on." 

 Charlie got up, bent over and kissed me and told me to hang on for a minute or so and then he got up and left. He was gone for two or three minutes and while I waited for him to come back I masturbated myself and looked over at Henry - he hadn't moved. 

 When Charlie got back he walked up to me and put his cock in my face, "Get me hard baby, get me hard again." 

 I opened my mouth and went to work on it while still fingering myself. I had Charlie hard in less than two minutes and he wasted no time in getting me on my hands and knees and climbing on the bed behind me. I was already pushing back at him before his cock even touched me. Charlie proceeded to fuck me as hard as he could and in less time than it takes to tell about it I had my third orgasm of the night. Charlie slowed his strokes and I fell forward and as I lay there wondering whether or not to push my luck and let Charlie fuck me to another orgasm or to hustle him out the door I felt him ease out of me and get off the bed. But in less than a minute he was back behind me and I felt him drive into me again. He started fucking me hard and fast and I wondered where he got all of his stamina. 

 Pretty soon I felt another orgasm coming on and I was driving back on his cock in frenzy when all of a sudden I felt something hit my cheek. I opened my eyes and saw a hard cock aimed at my mouth; it took a few seconds to register that there was a cock in my face at the same time a cock was pounding my pussy. I looked up and saw the cock in my face belonged to Tony, one of the ushers from the wedding, and a quick glance back behind me showed that George, another one of the ushers, owned the cock that was doing such a good job fucking me. That same backward glance saw that Charlie was sitting on the couch with two other guys from the wedding party. Charlie just smiled at me. 

 "Baby, you were so hot when I first fucked you that I knew I couldn't cool you down by myself." 

 I opened my mouth to protest and that gave Tony the opening (no pun intended) he needed and he pushed his cock into my mouth and held my head with both hands so that George's thrusts pushed my mouth to the base of his cock. 

 That's how I spent my wedding night. On a hotel bed next to the passed out bridegroom while the best man and four of the ushers took turns with me. Even though I had screwed around a lot before going to college, I'd never made it with more than one man at a time so the experience was a first for me. They all fucked me twice, a couple of them took me three times and one guy even managed to get it up four times. I lost count of how many times I had a dick in my mouth. When they left me I was one completely fucked out woman. It took me half an hour to clean up the mess - there were cum stains everywhere, even a few on Henry's arm. Henry was very apologetic when he woke up the next morning, but considering how I'd spent the night I figured the thing to do was just smile and say, "That's alright Honey. We have the rest of our lives to make love." 

 Naturally, I heard from "The Wedding Night Five" quite often after that night. They all wanted a repeat performance, but I was determined that I was going to be a faithful wife to Henry and in my own way I guess I was. No one ever got a cock into me during my marriage, but the 'good-time girl' in me eventually surfaced one night when I was at a party with some friends while Henry was out of town. After several drinks, a lot of close dances, and after being felt up by every man I danced with, I found myself in the back seat of Tony's car giving him and a friend of his blowjobs. Over the next couple of years I swallowed gallons of sperm as I handed out blowjobs and handjobs like they were party favors, mostly to 'The Five', although they were not the only ones. My boss was getting two and sometimes three a week from me (how that came about was a story in itself), but no one, except Henry, ever got a dick in me except for my mouth. 

 The only time I would give head (with two exceptions - one being my boss) was when Henry was out of town. The second exception was a memorable occasion. Charlie had been after me for some time to get together with 'The Five' on our fifth anniversary. At first I refused every time he brought up the subject, but, when two days before the date, Henry told me he would have to work late that night and we would have to celebrate some other time I got pissed. I called Charlie and told him to set it up, the only conditions being that it would have to be done on my lunch hour and there would be nothing but oral sex. He agreed. 

 When the day arrived I arranged for a long lunch hour and headed for the motel. When I got there I found all five men waiting for me, naked and with hardons ready to go. They had a cake with five candles on it, some champagne on ice, and each one gave me an anniversary card. It may sound silly, but I was touched - I thought it was very sweet of them. I excused myself and went into the bathroom where I changed and freshened up my make-up (I put on the brightest shade of red lipstick I could find). I walked back into the room wearing my wedding dress, veil, white nylons and white high heels. 

 What was supposed to take only an hour or so ended up taking all afternoon. The guys just kept getting hard and I was determined not to quit until they could not get it up anymore. When we finally stopped I was covered in cum. I had swallowed a lot and a lot was splashed on me by guys standing around watching me and jacking off and then shooting all over me when they came. The boys behaved themselves for the most part and settled for blow jobs, finger fucking me, and sucking on my tits, but at one point in the festivities, while George was tit fucking me and I was giving handjobs to Tony and Charlie, I felt my legs being moved apart and I looked to see John getting ready to fuck me. At the last minute Al pushed him away and reminded him of the agreement. I have to admit I had mixed emotions at that point. I was determined that my pussy remain Henry's only, but at that particular moment in time I was very very ready for a hard hot cock. 

 Fate almost got me again. I'd just gotten home and was in the shower when Henry walked in. He had hurried to finish the job he was on and had rushed home. Five minutes earlier and I don't believe I could have explained what he would have seen. 

 There is one last chapter to this story. After seven wonderful years with Henry I came home from work one day to find him dead on the kitchen floor. He'd had an embolism and it reached his brain. Following the funeral, at which Charlie and three others of 'The Five' acted as pallbearers (Tony had moved out of state) everyone came over to the house for the wake. After a night of drinking the inevitable happened and I once again found myself as the centerpiece of a gang-bang. This time, however, I wasn't totally aware of what was happening. It started with my 'Five' and went from there. I know that all of the pallbearers fucked me and I vaguely remember another woman sucking my tits while I was being fucked and then she was beside me getting fucked herself. I was told later that fifteen men had me that night, some of them more than once, and that both of Henry's brothers and one of his uncles were among that number. 

 I thus had the dubious distinction of being gangbanged in both my wedding dress and my widow's weeds. Report_Story 
