#1 

 

 ****** What To Do About Edie ****** byJust_Plain_Bob© I am constantly receiving feedback from people wanting to know why I ended a story a certain way and then asking me if would mind if they wrote an ending for the story. This has happened so many times that I've decided to hold 

 The Just Plain Bob Annual Invitational 

 I will submit a story and then those readers who so desire can write and submit their own ending. I plan on doing this every October from now on. Take the story anywhere you would like it to go. The only rule is that you have to identify the story in the title and put your own name to it. (Editor's Note: New writers, see this_page for submission information and this_page to create a member account if you aren't already a Literotica member.) Examples would be: "What to do About Edie Invitational" by The Wanderer or "What to do About Edie Invitational" by Ohio. (I use those two authors as examples since it was The Wandered who gave me the idea and Ohio seems to like giving my stories second chapters). That being said, I give you: 

 The Just Plain Bob First Annual Invitational 

 "What to do About Edie" 

 +++++ 

 I've been married to Edie for just a little over six years and I am constantly finding out things about her - things that I would never have expected or even believed for that matter. For instance - I just found out she is a slut. 

 Edie wasn't a virgin when I married her. It wasn't something that I knew first hand, but in the spirit of being up front with me Edie laid out her entire sexual history for me even to the point of naming names. I knew two of her previous lovers and she wanted to know if that was going to be a problem. The two guys were not close acquaintances, which meant that I would not normally interact with them and so I told her no. However, knowing the tendencies of males to keep on trying to fuck what you have been fucking I made a mental note to keep an eye on both of them. 

 Over the next couple of years, at several parties, the two of them did try more than once to hit on Edie and she always blew them off. Several others also made an attempt on my lovely bride and they also got the bums rush. As we moved into our seventh year I had no reason to believe that Edie was anything less than one hundred percent faithful. There was no doubt in my mind that she loved me and I was certainly crazy about her. The woman spoiled me rotten and I tried very hard to return the favor which made what I just found out all the more harder to understand." 

 As always seems to be the case I found out about Edie because I came home early one day. I was on a parts run that took me within minutes of my house and I thought that I would just swing by and have lunch with Edie. When I got home her car was in the garage, but she wasn't anywhere in the house. I figured that she must be over at the neighbors so I went into the kitchen to make myself a sandwich. Our kitchen over looks the backyard of our neighbor to the south and I looked out the window and saw Edie in their backyard. I had told her half a dozen times not to go over there, but she never listened to me. The house was up for sale and had been vacant for almost five months. The big attraction of the place was the in ground swimming pool. The realtor had convinced Earl and Marge not to drain the pool before they moved saying that having the pool looking inviting would be a good hook for prospective buyers. When Earl and Marge lived there Edie had an open invitation to use the pool whenever she wanted. I had tried to tell her that the invitation had left town when Marge and Earl had, but as far as Edie was concerned she was going over there as long as the pool had water in it. 

 I had just opened the window to yell at her and tell her I was home when two men came out the back door of the house and one hollered, "Hey! What are you doing back here? This is private property and you are trespassing." Edie got up off the chaise lounge and I could see the two men feasting their eyes on the body that the two Band-Aids she called a bathing suit tried to cover. She told them that she lived next door and was keeping an eye on the place for Earl and Marge. "Bullshit lady! I'm the realtor handling the place and Earl would have told me about you. I'm sick and tired of having people trespass on the property I'm trying to sell." He told the other man to keep and eye on Edie while he went out to the car to get his cell phone so he could call the police 

 He turned to go and Edie said, "Wait! Maybe we can work this out. My husband will kill me if I get into trouble with the police." The man said, "What do you mean by working something out?" Then Edie made my jaw drop, "I'm sure that I can find a way to convince you to leave the cops out of this" and while she was talking she was running her hands over her breasts in as blatant a suggestion as I've ever seen. I saw the realtor glance over at the second man who had hunger written all over his face and then the realtor said, "Okay honey, let's see if you mean it." He unzipped his fly and took out his cock. Edie licked her lips and said, "Oh my, that's a nice one" and then she went to her knees in front of him and took his cock in her hand. She looked up at him and smiled, "I think I'm going to like this" and she opened her mouth and took in his cock. The other man unzipped himself and moved up to where Edie could get her hands on him and she started stroking him while sucking on the realtor. 

 I couldn't believe what I was seeing. My wife sucking off one stranger while jacking off another and she hadn't even put up a fight. She had just offered herself up as if it was the most natural thing in the world for her to do. That made me begin to wonder if maybe it was. After all, how did I really know that she turned aside all the passes made at her? 

 The realtor told the other man to go and get the chaise lounge and move it into the shade, "I'm going to cum in her mouth and then we are going to fuck the little slut." While the man moved the lounger Edie stood up and pulled off her bikini bottoms and when the lounger was in place she told the realtor to sit down on it and then she bent at the waist and took him back in her mouth. She spread her legs apart in an open invitation to the other man and he moved up behind her. He gave Edie a playful slap on the ass and then he began working his dick into her. Edie moaned around the cock in her mouth and the two men smiled ear to ear as they took Edie from both ends. 

 I don't remember at what point I took out my own cock, in fact I was kind of surprised to find it in my hand, but I found that I was beating myself off in time with the guy fucking Edie from behind. The realtor said, "God that's good honey, you can trespass over here any time you want as long as you are willing to keep doing this." Edie took her mouth off him long enough to say "Promise?" The realtor said, "As long as you suck my cock honey, I promise." Edie giggled and said, "I'm over here every day the sun shines sugar. Think you could handle it?" Then she went back to sucking his dick. 

 I watched as the three of them thrust and pushed and then I heard the realtor say, "Here it comes honey" and his hips arched up off the lounger to bury his cock deep in her throat. He must have had a lot of cum stored up because even though Edie gulped and swallowed some still leaked out of the corner of her mouth. Meanwhile the man in her pussy was pumping faster and Edie's moans began to get louder. Her mouth was still locked onto the realtor's cock as she tried to get every last drop out of him and just as the man fucking her grunted to signal that he too was emptying himself Edie let the realtor's limp cock fall from her mouth and she gave the sharp little cry that signaled that her own climax had arrived. The man moved away from her and then both men looked at each other as if to say, "What do we do now?" 

 Edie looked like some sort of sex goddess propped up on the lounge chair and with cum running down the inside of her leg. With her bikini panties lying at her feet and her tits swaying her body was just crying out, "Fuck me, fuck me, somebody please fuck me." This was not the woman that I knew, the woman I had married; I did not know the woman I was watching. The surprises kept on coming, "This concrete is hard on my feet," Edie said, "Can we take this to my house where we can get more comfortable?" 

 I was fucked if they went around to the front of the house. Edie would see the company truck and know I was home and I couldn't get to the front of the house in time to get in my truck and leave. I wasn't ready to confront the cheating bitch just yet - I wanted to find out more about what she had been up to first - but if she came in the front door it would be all over. Luckily she headed toward the side door of the garage. I tossed my sandwich into the garbage, grabbed a dishrag and wiped up the puddle of cum I'd left on the floor and then hurried into the bedroom. I got into the closet and waited to see what would happen next. 

 Edie came into the room followed by the two men and she went straight to the bed and pulled off the covers. She turned to the men and said, "By the way my name is Edie. Would you like to tell me your names or would you rather just be known as mystery meat." The realtor grinned and said, "I'm Dan and this is Jim. Jim is a prospective buyer for the house next door. What do you think Jim, could you handle living next door to this sexpot?" Jim smiled, "I sure could, but my wife would be watching me like a hawk and getting over here would be a problem." Edie laughed, "When you can make it the welcome mat is always out." For the next two hours the two of them fucked Edie, she sucked their cocks and she even gave both of them her ass. The phone rang a couple of times while Edie was bouncing on the bed, but she ignored it. At one point Jim left the room to take a piss and Edie, who was sucking Dan's cock, took her mouth off him long enough to say, "If he doesn't buy the house make sure you call me when you bring the next prospect. Maybe I can help you close the sale" and then she giggled, "And you don't even have to pay me commission." 

 The time came when she told them they would have to leave. "I've got sheets to change and then I have to clean myself up and start dinner for my hubby." Don asked, "Does he know you do this sort of thing?" 

 "Oh God no. If he knew he would probably kill me so lets just keep this as our little secret, okay?" 

 The two men said they would let themselves out and I got ready to get out of the house when Edie took her shower. But Edie didn't take a shower. She took a large dildo out of the bedside table drawer, leaned back against the headboard and began to fuck herself with it. I'd never seen her do that before and my dick got hard all over again. I couldn't believe it! She had just spent over two hours fucking two guys and she still wanted more. It took her several minutes to bring herself to a climax and then she licked the dildo clean and put it away. Then she picked up the phone and punched in a number, waited and then said, "Hi Bonnie (her best friend), it's me. I guess you've noticed that I'm not there. (silence and then a giggle) Oh, I guess that you could say that something came up. A couple of something's in fact." She then proceeded to tell Bonnie what had happened along with mentioning that if she were lucky it would happen again. "Who's there?" (silence) "Oh, I guess that it's a good thing that I didn't come over today." (silence) "Because Bonnie, you know I don't like fucking guys that know Jerry." (silence) "Well I haven't, not since I fucked Marvin. After I fucked him every time he was around Jerry he got one of those "I know something you don't know" smirks on his face. Harry and Joe did it to. From now on I'm not fucking anybody who knows Jerry. (silence) "No Bonnie, I will not give them blow jobs." (silence) "No I don't feel sorry for you. I've seen you handle six all by yourself before." (silence) "Okay, I'll call you tomorrow." 

 She hung up the phone, got off the bed and headed for the closet, but at the last second she turned and went into the bathroom. As soon as I heard the shower running I got out of the closet and out of the house. 

 As I drove away from the house I had a lot to think about. First, I was going to have to come up with an excuse for my boss for being gone so long. I was going to have to reevaluate my friendships with Marvin, Harry and Joe and then I was going to have to figure out what to do about Edie. Report_Story 
