---
layout: page
title: Ann at the Game
---
#1 

===

I pulled into the driveway, but before I could get out of the car and go to the door she came out. As I watched her walk toward the car I thought, and not for the first time, about how young, fresh, beautiful and innocent she looked. She opened the car door and slid in beside me, giving me a big beautiful smile, "Let's go. You don't want to be late," she said as I put the car in reverse and backed out of her driveway. 

Heading back to my house I considered the chain of events that ended up putting Ann on the seat next to me. My wife Brenda had been called away due to an illness in the family. She had only planned to be gone for three or four days, but two weeks had passed and she wasn't back yet. This had posed a small problem for me. The monthly poker game that was held at my place was going to take place before Brenda was going to get back. This meant that I would have no one to play the part of hostess, which meant, in turn, that I would not be able to play much because I would have to see to the refreshments, and in general, be a good host. I was moaning the blues about this to Herb when he said he might just have a solution to my problem. He was going back to Michigan to take care of some legal matters pertaining to his father's estate, but Ann was going to stay home. He said she would probably be glad to act as hostess for me just to give her something to do. He had mentioned it to her and she had called me and told me that she would love to do it. 

By 7p.m. we had all the food prepared, the beer on ice, and the chips and dip put out. By 7:30 all the players had arrived and been introduced to Ann and had been warned to be on their best behavior - I didn't want to have to make any explanations to her husband. By 8 the game was in full swing and I was looking forward to a good night as I had won three out of the first seven hands. The stakes were quarter, half, and dollar; a limit of three raises, and dealer names the game. I wasn't going to get rich, but it wasn't about the money anyway - it was about who would have the bragging rights at work next week. 

By 10 I was comfortably ahead and in that mood that good poker players learn to recognize and to control - where you think your luck is on a roll and you want to bet on everything. I was paying real close attention to my play so I wasn't aware that Ann had been drinking quite a bit and was getting pretty tipsy, but the other guys had noticed. By the time I found out what was going on, it was too late. I had not been paying any attention to the comings and goings of the other guys because it was normal at our games for guys to get up, go take a whiz, and then come back, sit out a few hands and kibitz. It wasn't until about 11 that I got up to go to the bathroom and as I was passing by the bedroom door I thought that I heard some low moans so naturally I looked in. Ann was naked, lying on her back, legs spread and pointing at the ceiling and Mark was between them and fucking her for all he was worth. 

My first thought was, "God, is Herb going to be pissed when he finds out" followed closely by, "Shit! This is all my fault. I should have been paying closer attention and done whatever needed to be done to keep this from happening." I should have known it would happen because it was what happened when Brenda played hostess - in fact, it is why Brenda played hostess - she loved to fuck and it gave her a big kick to send all the guys home with their tails between their legs. I had not warned the guys that Ann was not Brenda's replacement in all things, but then why should I have. I had no idea that Ann would allow this to happen. Well, it was too late to do anything about it now and I went on down the hall to the bathroom. On my way back I looked in on the bedroom again. Mark was gone, but his place had been taken by Marv. Ann turned her and her eyes met mine, but they didn't see me - they were filled with lust. 

I started losing of course. I could not keep my mind off the scene in my bedroom, the look on Ann's face and in her eyes. I could not concentrate on the cards, instead I was acutely aware of every time someone got up from the table and headed down the hall. I have no idea how many made that trip before I became aware of what was happening, but I know exactly how many went after. Everyone at the table, except for me (there were seven of us), made the trip twice, three went three times, and both Marv and Mark went four times. I finally gave up and threw in my cards. I went into the kitchen, fixed myself a stiff drink, walked back to the table to watch the play, but my mind stayed in that damn bedroom down the hall. I resisted as long as I could, but I eventually found myself walking down the hall. 

Inside the room Ann was on her knees and Bud was fucking her from behind; she was throwing her head from side to side and in a low, almost guttural voice was crying, "Yes yes yes fuck me fuck me oh god please fuck me" and I stood there and watched as Bud did his best to oblige. Mike came in and when he saw that I was only watching he unzipped and walked over to present his cock to Ann's mouth and she took it without hesitation. 

By 2a.m the guys were all fucked out and had left leaving only Ann and me. Ann lay on the bed with her legs spread apart, her fingers working in and out of her pussy as I stood there and watched. She looked at me imploringly, "Please? I need it. Please?" I am not made of stone, although right then my dick felt like it was, so dropping my clothes to the floor, I went to her. 

In the morning I awoke to the soft touch of warm lips on my cock. I shook the sleep out of my eyes and took in the sight of Ann's head bobbing up and down on my cock. Later, at breakfast, Ann said, "I didn't mean for it to happen, but once it started I couldn't stop. I want to do it again. Can I come to the next game?" I was at a loss for words. How was I going to explain this to Brenda? How were we going to keep this from Herb? Ann took my silence for refusal. "Please? Please let me come to the next game? Please, Daddy, Please?" Report_Story 
