---
layout: page
title: Cum Sluts Anonymous 1: Ralph
---
#1 

===

I needed help! I was over the edge and no matter what I did I couldn't stop. I had to have it. It consumed my thoughts every waking hour and it haunted me in my dreams. The desire for it overrode all other concern; it interfered with my job, and with my relationships with others - if they couldn't help me get more of what I needed I had no time for them. Alcohol? Cocaine? Heroin? No, nothing that simple, my problem was much more insidious. Plentiful, easy to obtain, it was free, totally legal and I craved it every morning, noon and night. The evil life destroying substance was sperm! Jizz, spunk, trouser snake milk, sponk, cum, call it what you will, it was destroying me and the only person who was happy about it was the person who had started it all - my wife! 

It was a story that is repeated across the face of the Earth every day; a husband who becomes just a bit too wrapped up in climbing the corporate ladder and a wife who becomes neglected because of it. She allows herself to be seduced and finds she likes sex with other men, and in some cases, many other men. The inevitable happens and the husband finds out. In most cases it leads to separation and then divorce, but in my case it only led me down the road to hell. A business trip out of town, a cancelled flight, a return home to find two strange cars in the drive, and four surprised people - my wife, her two lovers and me - started it all. The incident still seems unreal to me even after five years. Me standing in the doorway to the bedroom watching two men fuck my wife in what I have since learned is called the Classic Double Penetration - one in her cunt and one in her ass - and her looking up to see me standing there. No sign of surprise, no fear, no worry, just a big smile on her face and the words "You're just in time dear, I need a cock in my mouth. Hurry honey, bring your cock over here to me." 

And instead of the anger and outrage that I should have felt at seeing what was before me I meekly stripped off my clothes and did her bidding. For the next three hours the four of us acted like dogs in heat and when the two men had gone and my wife and I were left alone she made me eat her cum filled cunt - and I was lost. I loved it. Sid (short for Sidney) continued to take on new lovers and I would find her waiting for me on the bed, legs spread, cum leaking from her cunt when I got home from work. I started leaving work early so I could get home just as her lovers left so I could get to her while the cum was at it's freshest. Soon I was hurrying home to clean her out after her afternoon bout so she would be fresh went she went out to get more cum for me. Sometimes she brought them home so I could watch, participate and then feast. Other times I would wait at home while she got fucked on the back seats of cars, in motels and hotels, and on several occasions in adult movie houses. When she got home I would bury my face in her pussy and suck her dry. It got to where the only thing important to me was for Sid to get fucked so I could have my cream pie. 

The day finally came when it dawned on me that my behavior was self-destructive and that my life was going to go into the toilet if I didn't do something. I was talking with my best friend over drinks one night about my problem (we had no secrets from each other) and he made the comment that it was too bad that there wasn't a self-help group for cumaholics like there was for alcoholics. I thought about that for a bit and then said, "Maybe I should start one. But how would I find others like me?" 

He laughed and said, "Don't look at me. I love to eat my wife after sex, but I'm the only one doing her - knock on wood! Why don't you ask Sid?" 

I looked at him as if he was crazy and he said, "I'm sure that there are guys who want to go down on her when they get through with her. Maybe one or two of them have the same problem you do. All you need is one more to start a self- help group. Or maybe Sid runs into other wives when she is out prowling who are doing the same thing. Can't hurt to ask." 

That night when Sid came home with her cum filled pussy I told her about my talk with Louie and asked her what she thought about it. She told me that she did run across several other women who seemed to be married, but who were still out looking to get fucked. She said she would get to know them and find out what their stories were. I was surprised when she came home the very next night with a strikingly beautiful redhead and nine guys, one of whom was the redhead's husband. After an orgy that lasted almost five hours, Sid and Nancy, John and myself (redhead and her husband) were lying on the bed relaxing when Sid suggested that I eat Nancy to see what cum tasted like from a redhead and John could do her to see what it was like coming from a blonde. Nancy tasted great, but I didn't see where red hair made any difference at all. I think Sid just wanted to have another man eat her pussy. 

Later the four of us talked and it turned out that John did indeed have the same addiction that I did and he too was desperate to get it under control. Nancy, unlike Sid, wanted to cut back on her extra marital sex. She enjoyed it, but was only doing it for her husband. She was becoming more and more worried about disease and maybe running into a weirdo so she was all for the idea of John joining a self-help group. Sid on the other hand admitted that she wasn't about to give up extra cock, but that she would help me as best she could as long as I understood that her sex life wasn't going to change. Three nights later she brought me the telephone number of a woman she kept running into and said that the woman would be interested in talking to me. I did and found out that Mary's husband wasn't the cum junkie - she was. 

That Friday night John, Mary and I held the first meeting of what was to become Cum Sluts Anonymous. We flirted briefly with finding a name more elegant, but Mary said we should give the group a name that was a true reflection of the members and their problem and in the end John and I agreed. We shamelessly stole from Alcoholics Anonymous some of the precepts of self-help. For instance "Cum Sluts Anonymous is a fellowship of men and women who share their experience, strength and hope with each other that they may solve their problem and help others" is straight from AA. 

Our primary goal is the same as AA's - to stay sober (not the right term, but you know what I mean) and to help other cumaholics achieve sobriety. We recognize that cum slutism is an illness, a progressive illness, which can never be cured, but can be arrested. Also like AA there are no dues, and no bylaws that say a member has to attend a certain number of meetings. The only requirement is the desire to stop your own addiction and by your participation help others to beat back their own demons. 

We start each meeting by asking those present if they would like to unburden themselves of their story. It is not necessary that they do so, but we have found that it is easier to accept that the people at the meeting can help you if each of you knows the others story - it puts you in the same boat so to speak. At that very first meeting I told my story and admitted that I had a problem. John was next and though the later stages of his story was similar to mine his start down the road was different. For years his greatest desire was to see Nancy with another man and for years she had resisted giving him what he wanted. Finally, sure that he would refuse and that would be the end of it, Nancy said she would do it, but only on the condition that John sucked the other man's cum out of her pussy when she was done. She was surprised when he agreed to her condition and then even more surprised to find that she liked fucking another man. John in turn was surprised that he loved the taste of Nancy with another man's cum in her and he asked her to do it again and Nancy was only too happy to oblige and soon he was on the same road I had traveled. 

Mary's story was similar - that her husband wanted to see her with another man. At first she wasn't interested, but as her husband kept after her to do it she got more and more curious about what sex with another man would be like. She had been a virgin when she had gone to her marriage bed and other than in an occasional XXX rated video she had never seen a cock other than her husbands. She finally agreed to do it and it was a disaster - for her husband. By sheer luck of the draw the man chosen had a cock twice the size of her husbands and she had enjoyed it so much that her husband had felt threatened and had never asked her to do it again and he became so insecure that he didn't function very well after that. But you can't put the genie back in the bottle once you let it out. Mary's husband had not counted on Mary liking it so much that she wouldn't need to be asked again, she would just go out and do it on her own. Mary liked the taste of cum straight from the cock and she made it a point to suck her lover's to completion before she would let them fuck her and then she would lick them clean when they were through. Her husband was not happy with the situation, but he had started it so what could he do? 

After a year he finally dug up the balls to tell Mary to stop or end up divorced. Mary loved her husband so she said she would quit running around - and she did - for all of two months. One day she was shopping at the mall and ran into one of her old lovers. One thing led to another and she ended up in a hotel room with him and when it was over she was on the prowl again. Where before she had done her fucking with her husband's knowledge, now she did it behind his back. Where before she had gone out in the evening, made her selection and the brought him home, now she did it during the day while her husband was at work and on the two nights a week he went bowling. The only constant was that the more she got the more she wanted. 

She started keeping a diary of the men whose cocks she had sucked and making notations against each name like "tastes salty" or "cums buckets, but taste is sour." By her own account she had three hundred and nine names in the diary. Clearly Mary was going to need a lot of support from me and John to arrest her problem and quite frankly I wasn't sure that she could do it. 

CSA is not against all sex, just certain parts that can be destructive if left uncontrolled. For example, neither John nor I have quit having sex with our own wives, nor have either of us tried to stop our wives when they want to go out looking for other cock. We are only trying to stop the self-destructive urge to eat them after other men have cum in them. With Mary the problem wasn't just sucking cum out of cocks, she wanted to feel that cum sprayed inside her cunt and ass. She could maybe get by with just making love to her husband (if he could get it up for her) but he was only interested in sex once, maybe twice a week and that just wasn't going to be enough for her. But we would try to help her save her marriage even if it meant that we would have to fuck her every once in a while (hey - we only swore off cum sucking) to help her take the edge off. 

Ironically, we got several our new members from one would wouldn't join herself - my wife Sid. She sent us two more women and three more men. The group continues to grow and I really think we are doing some good. For most of us it is a day to day thing and the times I've been tempted to go down on Sid on one of her many nights out have been many, but a phone call and a conversation with another member of the group has always been enough to see me through the crisis. The time span between those calls has been getting longer and longer and I am looking forward to the day that I will never have to make that call again. Until then I'll just have to do the best that I can - one day at a time.  

===

Hi, my name is Bob and I'm a cum slut. I haven't always been one, but I guess that everyone here can say that. The credo of this organization is that you have to admit that you have a problem and then identify the problem before you have any chance of licking it. Not to be facetious, but licking it is the problem that has brought me to this meeting, to this group, in the hope that you can help me in overcoming this addiction. Like most of the members of this group were at one time or another, I was in denial before I came to this meeting. I needed it, I wanted it, I looked forward to it and I always said that I could stop whenever I wanted. But I never seemed to want to stop, not even when I began to realize just how self-destructive the addiction was. 

Unlike a lot of people who become addicted, I know exactly when my addiction started, right down to the last minute. I was at work when my wife called me and asked me to stop at the pharmacy on my way home from work and pick up her prescription. I said that I would and then about half an hour later I suddenly remembered that I didn't know where to go to get it. I tried to call back, but I got no answer. I tried every five minutes, but still no answer and I began to get worried. She was a stay at home housewife and mother and she should have been home to answer the phone. I dismissed the idea that she had gone out since if that was the case she would have been able to pick up the prescription herself. I soon convinced myself that something was wrong and I left work and headed for home. 

There were two strange cars in the driveway and that, coupled with the unanswered phone, somehow made me think that a burglary might be in progress and I debated calling the police on my cell phone. I decided that I needed more information before doing anything that drastic and I headed for the house. I was half way there before I was overtaken by caution and I went back to my car and got my tire iron. I quietly let myself into the house and went from room to room, but the downstairs was empty. I heard a sharp cry from upstairs and I headed that way. There were noises coming from our bedroom and I took a firm grip on the tire iron and headed up the stairs. 

In the doorway to the bedroom I stopped dead in my tracks as I saw my wife lying on the bed with two men; they were all naked and the men were using her. She had one between her legs and the other one was standing next to the bed and she had her mouth on him. This was no burglary, this was rape! I thought about backing away and using my cell phone to call the police, but then I knew that it was already too late for them to stop this. There were two of them, but I had the tire iron and the element of surprise in my favor. I firmed up the grip on my tire iron, but just as I was about to charge into the room I noticed something; her left hand was caressing the balls of the man in her mouth and her hips were pushing up to meet the thrusts of the man who was between her legs. If she was being raped she was sure enjoying it. 

Just then I saw white fluid leaking out of her mouth and I knew that the man in her mouth had just ejaculated. When he pulled his penis out of her mouth a drop of cum fell from the head of his penis and landed on her upper lip and her tongue came out and licked it and I heard her say, "Mmm, that's good" and then the man between her legs said, "Here it comes sweetie" and a minute or so later her moved out from between her legs and my wife reached down and put a finger in herself. When she pulled it out she took it up to her mouth, sucked it and said, "God, but I do love the taste of your cum." 

Until then they had not seen me, but I was so surprised at my wife's behavior that I was numb and my fingers relaxed on the tire iron and it fell to the floor with a loud clunk. Suddenly all eyes were on me. The men looked surprised, then nervous, but my wife just looked at me with a "why are you spoiling my afternoon" look. Her eyes never left mine as she said, "Okay guys, we're busted, but it's only my husband and he loves me so he won't get violent. Come on Barry, I want to get you hard again. Tom, it's your turn to fuck me." Hesitantly, and with nervous glances my way, the two men did what she told them to do and within minutes the three of them forgot I was even there. I don't know why I didn't turn and walk away, but I didn't. I just stood there and watched for the next ten minutes until the two of them came again and then my wife said, "Okay boys, time to go. My hubby and I have some issues to address." 

When they were gone she looked at me and said, "Come here baby and kiss me" and God help me, but I did, even knowing that both men had cum in her mouth before they left. She held my head with both hands as she forced her tongue into my mouth and when she broke the kiss she said, "Did you taste them baby?" and when I nodded a yes she said, "Did you like the taste?" 

I didn't know how to answer that one and she said, "Don't worry baby. You'll love the taste just as much as I do" and she began pushing me down. I knew what she wanted and I found the idea repulsive, but some how I lacked the strength or the will to fight her. In lest than a minute she had pulled her knees back and had pulled my face into her cum filled pussy. She was right; she knew me better than I knew myself and before I was even aware of it I did find that I loved the taste and I began to avidly clean her out. 

I won't go into why she had taken on lovers, I only need say that from the time my tongue first spilt the lips of her pussy I didn't much care about it. Over the next six months I would come home from work two and three times a week and find her on the bed, legs spread and she would say "Hurry baby. It's hot and its fresh and it's all for you." 

Soon two or three times a week wasn't enough and I began to take her places where she could get fucked so I could eat her. On the back seat of our car outside bars and clubs. We would go to the college campus and look for frat parties and she would pull trains. I started having poker parties and she would see that all of the players left well fucked and then I would drag her into the bedroom and go down on her. It didn't' matter where we went or what the circumstances were we would manage to get her fucked. A thing as simple as going out for a walk could turn into another opportunity to get her fucked. One night we went out for a walk in the park, holding hands like a couple of teenagers, and a jogger whistled at her and she called to him, "Want some?" and lifted her skirt. He took her bent over a picnic table and when he was done I laid her back on the same table and sucked him out of her. And all for the sake of feeding my cum addiction. 

My job suffered because I constantly left work early to get home while her lover's juices were still hot and fresh. My social life went to pot because I didn't have time for anybody who wasn't fucking my wife. And it didn't matter how I got it. If she fucked them I sucked it out of her. If she sucked them off she would hold it in her mouth and pass it to me when we kissed. And then the day before yesterday I hit rock bottom. 

I got home from work to find my wife and her current lover still at it and when he saw me he smiled and got off my wife. 

"I know what you want sport and here's your chance to cut out the middleman." 

He walked toward me with his hard cock jutting out in front of him, gleaming with a coat of my wife's juices and as I stared at it I slowly went to my knees. All that saved me from that final indignity was my wife yelling, "Sid, stop that! You get back over here and put that where it belongs or I swear to God you will never fuck me again" and Sid turned and went back to her. 

When Sid had gone and I had cleaned her out my wife hugged me to her and held me in her arms and cried. "Baby, oh god baby, what have I done to you. You need help baby, oh God I'm sorry that I did this to you. We have to get you some help." 

And that's why I'm here at this meeting. I can that with your help I can beat this thing, this addiction of mine. I know I can. I know it!  

===

I took a deep breath and looked out at the sea of faces, a surprising number of women among them, and knew that this was going to be one of the most difficult things I'd ever done, but I also knew that it was one of the most necessary. I had to do it for the sake of my marriage and for the sake of my own sanity. As I organized my thoughts I thought back on the circumstances that brought me to this point in my life. 

I am a forty year old father of three who is married to a thirty-eight year old wife and mother who just happens to be the woman of most men's dreams. Smart, witty, the face of an angel and the body of a porn queen, I worshipped Bonnie and the ground she walked on. Regardless of the fact that Bonnie was every man's wet dream she was still a virgin when we married and one year later she was the mother of twins. I, on the other hand, had cut a pretty wide swath through the ladies before we were married. Not that I'm a Brad Pitt or anything like that, I was just an average guy who was bold and persistent and who went after what I wanted. As a result I got shot down a lot, but I scored once for every four times I got shot down and before agreeing to be my wife Bonnie had required that I tell her of all my many affairs. That this was a major mistake was not to become obvious for several more years. 

It didn't take Bonnie long to learn everything that I had learned while I was out sowing my wild oats and she became what every man says he wants - a whore in the bedroom and a lady out in public. Our sex life was not the norm; even after ten years of marriage we were still having sex five and six times a week. My problem began when Bonnie decided to get a job. We didn't need the money, but with the kids in school she was going crazy being around the house all day without enough to keep her busy. She found a job as a receptionist the first day she went out looking and by the time she had been on the job one week our sex life underwent a major change - it got better! 

Because she was every man's wet dream she was constantly getting hit on, flirted with and propositioned and it turned her on and she came home and fucked me into exhaustion. One day, about three months after she started the job, she asked me if it would be all right if she started stopping with her co- workers after work for a drink or two. I t seemed that every Wednesday they would stop at Bessie's, a local lounge, for a couple of hours and talk about stuff they didn't like to talk about at work. I didn't see any thing wrong with it (I had my one night out a week to go bowling) and I told her to go ahead and have a good time. 

A couple of months went by during which I noticed some changes in Bonnie. She became extremely fond of oral sex, especially of sixty-nine. We were not strangers to oral sex, but it had never been one of Bonnie's favorite things. She loved being eaten, but wasn't all that keen on sucking my cock. She would of course, but I always knew she was just doing it as payback for my munching on her cum muffin. Now she was coming home from her night out and initiating it and she was always wet. I commented on it and she said it was because some of the guys she worked with danced with her while they were at Bessie's and they were always coping feels. She said she got horny when they did it and she knew I would be home waiting to fuck her and that made her even hornier. 

Then one Wednesday night she came home and practically drug me into the bedroom. As soon as she pushed her pussy down into my face and I tasted her I knew something was different. She tasted salty and I knew what that meant. My bride had been fucked by some one else! The biggest surprise was that I liked the taste of her pussy with that salty flavor and that I didn't feel anger at her betrayal. I got to thinking back on all the other Wednesdays when she'd come home and pushed her pussy in my face. Was there something in her taste then and I just hadn't picked up on it? Whatever, the fact that someone else had used her pussy excited me more than upset me and because of that excitement our sex that night was some of the best ever. 

The next Wednesday I could hardly wait for Bonnie to get home and that time when she pushed her muff in my face I smelled him before I tasted him. It occurred to me that she hadn't been fucked by the same guy! This guy's cum had a sweet/sour taste. Over the next three months I was able to identify nine distinct flavors when she came home on Wednesdays and I became obsessed with the need to assign names to those flavors. I had no interest in stopping her from what she was doing, if anything I wanted to know more about it so I could feel more a part of it. 

By now I knew most of her co-workers after having gone to the company barbecue and a birthday party at her bosses house. So one Wednesday, armed with the names of the men she worked with, and wearing as much of a disguise as I could manage, I took a seat at the end of the bar at Bessie's and waited. At five after five Bonnie and two of the girls she worked with came in and sat at a table next to the dance floor. Ten minutes later another girl and two guys came in and they pushed a table up next to the one Bonnie was sitting at. For the next ten minutes guys straggled in and joined the group at the two tables. There ended up being seven guys and four girls at the table and for the next half-hour they all sat there, talked and drank. Then one of the girls got up and went over to the jukebox and music began to play. Soon all of the girls were out on the floor dancing. 

Half an hour later I saw one of the guys take one of the girls by the hand and lead her out into the parking lot. Twenty minutes later they were back and I noticed that the girls hair was mussed and one of the buttons on her blouse was one hole off. Is that what Bonnie was doing, quickies in the parking lot? During the next hour two of the other girls made trips out to the parking lot, but Bonnie just sipped her drink and danced with the guys. Finally the group started to break up and leave and soon only Bonnie and Mark were left at the table. If Bonnie was going to go to a backseat it looked as if Mark was going to be the guy. 

I paid my tab and went outside and got in my car. I noticed that Bonnie's was up one row and three cars down and I lowered myself in my seat and watched to see what would happen. Five minutes later Mark and Bonnie came out and Mark walked Bonnie to her car. He took her in his arms and gave her a long kiss and then walked away to his own car. Bonnie got in hers and pulled out of the parking lot. Was I wrong? Was it just my mind working overtime and the different tastes of her pussy on Wednesday a figment of my imagination? Mark's car was the next one out of the parking lot and on a hunch I followed him. We didn't go far, just eight blocks to the Motel 6 where he pulled in and parked - right next to Bonnie's car! One of them must have stopped on the way to the bar and registered because they got out their cars, kissed and headed straight for a room on the first floor. I was waiting in bed when Bonnie came in and when she lowered herself to my face I dove right in. Mark was the salty one. 

Over the next six weeks I was able to put a name to every taste that I had identified except two. I knew that I had logged nine separate tastes, but I had never seen more than seven guys in the group that stopped. Bonnie never fucked the same man twice in a row, she appeared to rotate through the seven guys who were always there on Wednesdays and I couldn't figure out where the other two tastes had come from and then one night Bonnie departed from form. She and Mark left the bar about ten minutes after they got there and I followed them out and drove over to the Motel 6 and saw both of their cars there. While I sat at the other end of the parking lot and wondered what the change might mean two more cars came into the lot and parked and two of the other guys in the group got out and walked over to a room and knocked on the door. I saw it open and I saw Bonnie standing there. The other tastes were combinations of several guys! Now I began to wonder what the various mixtures would be like mixed, say Mark's salty taste combined with Ray's almost sour cream like taste. The only way I was going to find out was to confront Bonnie and somehow talk her into doing only two guys on the same night and then after I had recorded all of the different combinations she could move to three a night, then four and so on. 

The following Wednesday when I buried my tongue in her soaking pussy I said, "It tastes like tonight was Jim's night." 

She stiffened and tried to pull away from me, but I grabbed her hips and pulled her down to me and at the same time I arched my back and pushed my cock in her mouth as far as I could get it. It took her a minute or two to realize that things were not quite as bad as they could have been and she settled down and sucked my cock with frenzy while grinding her pussy in my face. When we finished fucking like a couple of sex crazed teenagers we talked. One night at Bessie's one of the guys made a very serious pass at her and since she had always wondered what another guy would be like she had fucked him. Then, remembering all the stories I'd told her about all my affairs before we got married, she wondered what the other guys would be like. She knew I loved oral sex and her way of proving to herself that she really loved me even though she was fucking other guys was to give me what I most wanted. She hadn't even thought that I might taste her lovers and when I had gone after her cunt like a hungry man and not said anything she hadn't worried about it any more; she just gave me what she thought I wanted. 

I told her about what had put me on her trail, and how I had been cataloging the tastes and putting names to them and how I now wanted to do mixtures. She was aghast at my suggesting such a thing and I had to point out that she had seven lovers and I hadn't done a damned thing to rob her of her pleasure; the least she could do was to see that I got mine. The next Wednesday she did Mark and Mike and the following week it was Joe and Ray. For the next four months I worked on cataloging the various combinations and then one night she came home and wouldn't tell me who she had been with. She told me I would have to guess, but as hard as I tried I couldn't put the flavors together and finally Bonnie had to tell me. 

She giggled and said, "It was Mark, Ray, Jim and Joe and next week I'm going to do all seven of them at the same time. And I'm going to do them right here in this room and on this bed. The kids will be spending next week with my folks out at the farm and I leave it up to you where you will be. I'd kind of like it if you were here in the closet." 

The following Wednesday I watched from the closet as the seven guys fucked my wife silly. She took loads of cum down her throat, up her ass and in her pussy. She had two cocks in her most of the time, three in her four times and when her lovers finally dressed and left I came out of the closet and fell on her. There was so much cum that I didn't have to suck it out of her, she sat on my face and it ran out of her in rivers. 

"God" she said, "I want to do that again, but not too often. I'm not sure that my body can take the intense sensations." 

I, on the other hand, wanted her to do it again and soon. Seven guys, shooting several loads of cum in her - I was in a cum junkies paradise! Bonnie wanted to limit the group thing to once every six weeks or so, but I kept after her and she finally agreed to do it every other week. I'd watch from the closet and then be on her before the front door closed on the last of her lovers. I was in heaven and Bonnie sure didn't seem to mind much. 

The end came at a party that was being given by a couple that we knew. I had grown used to the flavors of Bonnie's group and I wanted something new. I saw an attractive looking guy and I nudged Bonnie and pointed to him, "I wonder what he tastes like? Why don't you find a way to get him outside and fuck him so I can find out?" 

Bonnie turned to me and told me that I was sick and that I needed help. When we got home that night she told me that if I didn't do something about my addiction she was going to leave me. I begged, I pleaded, I cried and I whined, but to no avail. She insisted that I seek help and I finally gave in. 

I surveyed the sea of faces and as I moved from one to the other I saw compassion, pity, and understanding. I knew that most, if not all of them had once stood in my shoes and that if I was going to get help I was in the right place. I took a deep breath and said, "Hi. My name is Dave and I am a cum slut."  

===

I sat there next to my wife and listened to people introduce themselves, admit their addictions, tell their stories and I wondered why I was there. The stories being told were all similar to mine. The major difference was that I didn't consider that I had a problem; maybe Brenda did, but I didn't. True, I did love the taste of cum delivered directly from my wife's pussy to my mouth and yes, I did encourage her to go out with other guys and let herself be filled to the brim so she could bring it home to me, but so what? I liked it! And Brenda sure didn't seem to mind helping me get what I wanted. In fact, it was because she was already out there getting it that I found out that I liked it. 

Like most men in a secure and happy marriage I stumbled along without a care in the world. Brenda was a wonderful wife and mother, a great cook and a fantastic lover. Our sex life was superb, at least in my mind. Brenda was a very sexy lady and she got hit on all the time, but for years I had watched her ward off advances with a smile and I was secure in the knowledge that she was mine. And then one day I found out that she wasn't. Mine maybe, but definitely not all mine. 

I know it sounds like a clich‚, but I found out the way most husbands do; an unexpected trip home during the day, a strange car in the drive, sounds of passion from the upstairs bedroom, a stranger scrambling to get his pants on and a confrontation with the naked, sweating wife. A naked sweaty wife who looked so damned sexy lying there, legs spread, cunt lips puffy and wet and nipples erect that I stepped out of my pants and fell on her. The sex was intense and Brenda came twice before I erupted into her. 

The story was simple; I was a great lover, but I wasn't enough to fill her needs. No matter how much I fucked her she still needed more. She loved me, hadn't wanted to hurt me, but she needed cock and lots of it. I was a better fuck than most all of her lovers, but she needed quantity as much as quality. Regardless of the fact that she was praising me (even as she said I wasn't enough for her) my ego still took a battering. I finally asked her if there wasn't something that I could consider 'my own' and she said, "You are the only one who eats my pussy and you know how much I love that." 

I went down on her and discovered that even though her lover's cum was diluted with mine I still loved the taste. That was the beginning. Brenda and I reached an accommodation; she could fuck whomever she wanted, whenever she wanted, as long as she called me and let me know so I could rush home and eat her pussy. 

For the next couple of years I must have sucked gallons of cum out of Brenda. At parties she would end up on a back seat in some ones car and let one or more guys fuck her. At a wedding reception she took on the groom, the best man and all the ushers and then hurried to find me before it could all leak out of her. No occasion was passed up as an opportunity to get laid and provide me with what I wanted. At our daughter's birthday party while I was down stairs supervising the kids as they played pin the tail on the donkey, Brenda was upstairs being pinned by two of the men who had brought their kids to the party. When my team won first place in our bowling league Brenda rewarded the team with a gangbang. I instituted a weekly poker game and none of the players ever left the house without fucking Brenda. Brenda even fucked two guys in the back of the hearse at my uncle's funeral. 

I was driven, not only to get as much cum for myself as I could, but to get Brenda as much cock as she craved. I arranged situations for her and put her into circumstances where she could seduce whoever she wanted and she wanted them all; Latinos, Asians, blacks, you name it and she wanted their cocks. One after another, in ones, twos, threes and large groups Brenda would take cock after cock and then hurry home to me so she could sit on my face and let it all drain into my mouth. The more she fucked, the more she wanted and the more she wanted the more she went after and the more she went after the more she got. And as a result the more I got. 

Numbers became important. I joined a softball team, not because of a love for the game, but because of the number of players. Not content to wait and see if we would win our division so she could reward the team she took to rewarding them for every game they won. Soon she was rewarding the opposing team if they beat us and always I was there to clean her out. On one memorable night she did both the winning and losing team and on that night I almost drowned when she sat on my face. And then the AIDS scare came along and I woke up to the self destructive nature of what we had been doing and I knew that somehow a way had to be found to stop the madness. 

In the front of the room the current speaker had finished and as I looked around the room I saw facial expressions and nodding heads that said all to clearly, "Yeah, been there, done that" and I felt a surge of hope that we might just have come to the right place. Up front a man stepped to the center of the room and asked if there was anyone else who wanted to address the group and Brenda and I looked at each other. 

"Hi. I'm Brenda" "and I'm Mike" we said in unison, "and we are cum sluts."  

===

My heart went out to her as I saw her make her way to the front of the room. She just looked so young and fragile. She was nervous too, but that was to be expected. We were all of us nervous when we made the same trip; Lord knows it's not an easy thing to get up in front of a group like ours and confess your weakness even though we were going to be the most sympathetic audience she would ever find. If she could be helped we were most definitely the ones who could help her. 

Sadly though, not everyone who needs or even wants help is strong enough. A lot of them backslide, but quite a few keep coming back and trying again. Some of them even make it, but it's not easy - God knows it's not easy. I hope we can help her because if I ever saw anyone who looks so desperately in need of help it is her. She bravely faced us and there was a quavering in her voice when she said, "My name is Lisa and I am a cum hungry slut" and then she faltered, almost like she had forgotten why she was here. She took a deep breath and said, "Yes, I am a cum slut and I have allowed my addiction to destroy my life. It has cost me my family, my marriage and I'm here to try and save what little I have left - my sanity." 

She looked out at us and I hoped she could see the sympathy and concern on our faces and could draw strength from us. She had to get through this as the first step on her road to recovery; she had to purge herself by admitting to herself that she did indeed have a problem. 

"My parents and siblings no longer speak to me because of my addiction; it has also cost me my husband and two children and I don't even know how it started - suddenly it was just there. I never thought I was different from other girls of my age. I was curious about sex and I eventually gave in to my boyfriend when I was eighteen and I liked it. I liked it a lot, but I didn't become a sex crazy slut. I really did like sucking his cock though and we had sex on the average of twice a week until I went off to college. 

"I went through my first year of college without even dating; not because of class load or study time, but because I just didn't find anyone I liked well enough to go out with. Does that sound like someone who would end up with the problem I have? My second and third years were different. I dated lots of guys and even slept with several of them, but they were not serious relationships - satisfying, but not serious. 

I met Jody, the man I would eventually marry, toward the end of my third year and it was love at first sight. We became inseparable and for the first time in my life I began to crave sex, especially oral sex. Jody loved oral sex and I loved giving it to him, mostly because I wanted to give him pleasure, but also because I loved his taste. His sperm tasted like the nectar of the gods to me. For six months I was the happiest girl at school and then one day we had an argument over something so unimportant that I can't even remember it now and we broke up. That Saturday I saw him going into a movie with another girl and I got mad. Apart only two days and already dating someone else, well two can play that game I thought. The next boy that asked me out I said yes to and before the date was over I had sucked his cock and then fucked him. He tasted different than Jody and even though he wanted to keep seeing me I said no because I didn't want any more permanent relationships. 

I started playing the field and if a boy dated me he got his dick sucked and then I fucked him. The word went out that if you could get Lisa to say yes to a date you were almost certain to get laid. I stopped at a campus phone booth to make a call one day and I saw it written on the wall of the booth - for a good time call Lisa and it gave my phone number. I went home for Christmas vacation and a few of the guys I had gone to school with asked me out and every one of them got laid and got their cocks sucked. 

It wasn't because I loved sucking cock that they all scored, it was because I had become fascinated with the different flavors of their cum. No two boys ever tasted alike to me and I got to the point where I would look at a guy and try to imagine what he would taste like. From there it went to my actually trying to seduce the husbands and boyfriends of girls that I knew just to suck their cocks and see how they tasted. 

Back at school for spring term Jody knocked on my door one night and after a long talk we were back together again, but after three weeks of being back together I got to missing my "taste tests" and I started seeing other guys on the side. I really didn't care if I fucked them or not as long as I got to suck their dicks and see what they tasted like. Oh, I got fucked a lot and that led to the next step on my road to ruin. Jody always commented on how wet I was when we made love and I got the wicked and depraved idea of seeing how he might like the taste of me with some one else's cum in me. Would he even notice? I decided to try it one time and if he questioned the taste I'd say that something I ate must have temporarily altered my body chemistry. So one afternoon I had a quickie on the back seat of a guys car and an hour later I went sixty-nine with Jody. He didn't say a word, but it seemed to me that he ate me with more passion than he usually did. After that, every time I fucked another guy I made sure that it was late enough in the day that the guys cum would still be fresh when Jody and I made love. 

And that was another odd thing - I fucked other guys, but with Jody I was always making love. I'll never understand why I did that to Jody because I loved him, I really did. I sat down one night in my last year of school and counted up how many guys I'd been with since the time that Jody and I had broken up - one hundred and seventy-seven, and I'm sure I missed a couple. How Jody never managed to find out about me I'll never know. I guess maybe I thought he knew and liked it, at least up to the point when I found out he didn't, but that comes later." 

I sat there stunned at what I was hearing. I was used to hearing tales of depravity and debauchery at these meetings and it had in fact become almost boring, but the thought of this angelic faced, innocent looking young woman coupling with over one hundred and seventy men shocked me to the core - and she wasn't even done with her story yet. I began to worry that we might not be able to help one who had come so far so fast. I could not imagine that from the time she left school until now that she could have fallen much farther, but I found that I was sitting on the edge of my chair in anticipation of hearing the rest of her story. 

"Just before graduation Jody asked me to marry him. Marriage would make a difference in that I was to be Jody's and I stopped seeing other guys. The three months between the proposal and the wedding I did not see another guy and I was sure I was going to be a loyal and faithful wife. Unfortunately that didn't last past the reception. Jody's best man was his best friend from high school, a tall, good looking redhead named Todd and my first thought when I met him at the rehearsal dinner was "I wonder what a redhead's cum tastes like." I found out the next night. 

There had been a lot of drinking and dancing going on and I went outside to get a breath of fresh air. Todd came up to me a minute later and sat down next to me and said, "I still have your number in my wallet" and I looked at him and asked him what he meant by that. He told me that he had visited his cousin at college and as a kick he had been watching from the closet as I gave his cousin a blow job and then let him fuck me. Since Todd planned on transferring to the school his cousin had given Todd my phone number. 

"Does Jody know?" I asked, and Todd told not me that as far as he knew. 

"Well, if you haven't told him about that you probably won't tell him if I suck your cock and fuck you now" and I did him leaning against the side of the building. Todd talked me into sucking off two of the ushers that night, but he was the only one to fuck me. Jody expected that I would be wet, but I didn't want to be too wet. 

"That night set the pattern for our marriage. Jody was a loving husband and we had two beautiful children in the first three years and they might even be his, but then again they might not because in the same period I had over a hundred different men. I'd suck their cocks, swallow their cum and then let them fuck me before going home and going sixty-nine with Jody. He never knew, but he swallowed almost as much as strange cum as I did. 

"My world of deceit started to unravel at my cousins wedding. Todd was there and we snuck off to a storeroom. I was on my knees sucking him off when my mother came in looking for table cloths. As soon as she saw me she gave a loud gasp and backed out of the room. I started to get up, but Todd pushed me back down and came in my mouth. He had me bent over a table and was fucking me from behind when my mother came back with my father. I had just begun to orgasm when they opened the door and Todd tried to pull out and I screamed at him not to stop, that I was cumming and to fuck me harder. My parents turned and left and before the night was over my whole family knew me for the whore that I was. My father is a minister, and both of my brothers were in divinity school and in their eyes there was nothing worse than what I was - an adulteress. They haven't spoken to me since that night. 

"Jody didn't find out for another six months. We were having a party at our house and I was out behind the garage leaning against the wall with my skirt up around my waist being fucked by Jody's boss when Jody caught us. He broke his bosses' jaw, which cost him his job, and then he threw me out onto the street. All of his buddies, who were careful to keep Jody in the dark about what they were doing with me, suddenly rallied to his side and testified against me during the divorce and I lost everything. 

"Todd took me in and gave me a place to stay until I could find a job and save enough to get a place of my own, but only if I let he and his friends fuck me. It took me six months to save enough to move out and during that six months another fifty or sixty guys used my mouth or pussy. When I had enough to get my own apartment I moved out one day when Todd was at work and changed jobs at the same time. Hopefully no one will be able to find me and I can try to restart my life. The day I started my new job I walked into the office and found eleven men staring at me. I know it was only my imagination playing tricks on me, but the expression on each of those eleven faces seemed to be saying to me, "Me first" and I knew I needed to find help right away or I would be lost." 

Tears were running down her cheeks as she said, "Please help me, please. Don't let me slide any farther down the road to hell." 

My heart went out to the poor girl, and that's all she was - a young girl, and I promised myself that I would do all in my power to help her. During the social hour following the meeting I went looking for her and found that she was already in good hands. I saw Jerry giving her his phone number and I felt better. Jerry has helped so many of the women who have come to us that he could probably qualify for sainthood. Lisa was going to be all right.  

===

As I watched her walk toward the front of the room I had a hard time believing that anyone who looked so innocent and angelic could stand in the front of this room and admit to being one of us. But then I should know by now that all kinds of people have our problem. Among us are a doctor, a minister, a ministers wife (not related), several government officials, a couple of lawyers, a cop, a fireman, a garbage man, several housewives and the list could go on for hours. All of them are here because they all share the same addiction - they are all lovers of cum - cum junkies - cream pie lovers - call them what you will, they all love cum. Cum in their mouths, cum in their pussies; man or woman, it doesn't matter, they are all here to try and kick their habit. 

Well, almost all of them. I'm not here because I'm a cum slut, I'm here because they are. I'm here because I'm drawn to cum junkies. I'm a predator and this is my feeding ground. As I watched the innocent looking young lady making her way to the front of the gathering I felt eyes on me and I looked around and saw them all looking at me. Brenda, Julie, Mary Jo, Beverly and Joyce; they all knew what I was sitting there thinking and they also knew that they wouldn't say anything to anybody about it. I had that kind of power over them and they all feared that I would exercise that power by denying them what they wanted, no - make that what they needed. 

I found out about these meetings from a friend and at first I hadn't believed him. Oh I knew that there were a lot of self-help groups around like Alcoholics Anonymous, but a group for cumaholics? So I came to see for myself and once at a meeting the possibilities became obvious to me. I attended several meetings, heard the stories and got a feel for the group. One night I stood up in front of the group and made up a bullshit story about my supposed addiction and I was in. Then I sat back and waited for my first opportunity. 

Her name was Harriet and she was a fairly plain looking woman who was obviously very insecure. Her story was classic, she'd never had a boyfriend and suddenly one day a boy asked her out. He'd tried to kiss her goodnight after a date, but she wouldn't let him and he never called again. A year went by before another boy asked her out and when he tried to kiss her she had let him out of fear of not getting another date. From there it moved to heavy necking, then to being felt up and finally he wanted to go all the way. She just knew if she didn't give in she would never see him again so she went all the way with him. 

She had loved it and wanted to do more. She and the boy got it on whenever they could find a flat surface and then one day he brought a friend. She was hesitant, but again afraid she would lose the boy if she didn't do what he wanted. A couple of weeks later it was two friends and then the friends started coming around on their own and she let them have her because it was what her boyfriend wanted, wasn't it? And then the boyfriend caught her with his friends, called her a whore and walked away from her, but she didn't care because she was getting steady fucking from his friends. And then those friends brought some of their friends and those friends brought friends and soon she was being taken to frat parties and she realized she didn't need a steady boyfriend because if she opened her legs she could have all the boyfriends she wanted. 

One night several boys put her in a bathtub and took turns peeing on her and she became so disgusted with herself that she thought of suicide. Luckily a friend told her about the group and she came to the group for help. After each meeting there is a social hour with coffee and donuts and I moved in on Harriet. I told her that it took guts to get up in front of a group this large and bare her soul. I told her that having the nerve to do that was a good sign and that if she really worked at it the group could help her lick her problem. I gave her my phone number and told her to feel free to call me for moral support anytime she felt herself starting to backslide. She smiled at me, thanked me and tucked my number away in her purse. It was a long shot, but one worth taking. 

I was surprised when only two days later she called me with panic in her voice, and asked me for my help. Several guys wanted her to pull a train at a frat party and she was torn between going to the frat house or locking herself in her bathroom. I asked her for her address and told her I would be right over. When I got there she let me in and we sat on her couch and I held her hand. She started crying and I pulled her to me and comforted her as best I could. I told her to be strong, to put her desires behind her and she moaned, "But I want to, I need it. I'm hurting and I crave it." 

I smiled and told her that we all felt that way. Even I felt that way and I took her hand and put it on the lump in my pants saying, "See? Even I have the need, but all that is required is will power. If you don't give in it makes you stronger. Here, let me show you." 

And I unzipped and pulled out my cock. "Put your hand on it" and she did. "Okay, move your hand up and down" and she did. "See? You are a desirable young woman, but even though you are fondling me I am able to use will power to fight my desires. Even though what you are doing feels great and I want you so bad it hurts I am able to exercise my will power and keep my hands to myself." 

All the while I'm spreading the bullshit she is stroking my cock and staring at it. She slowly lowered her head and took me in her mouth and five minutes later I was fucking her. 

Mary Jo was next and she was followed in turn by Julie, Beverly and Joyce. Brenda was my most recent conquest and she was by far the hardest because her husband brought her to every meeting and hardly ever left her side. But one evening he left her long enough to go to the bathroom and that was all I needed. I gave her my number and the same line of bullshit I'd given the others and she put my number in her pocket. I left her before her husband got back and then waited to see what would happen. If she didn't call it wouldn't have mattered much since I was fucking the other women two and three times a week each. But I wanted Brenda to join my little harem simply because she was married and I get a huge charge out of fucking another mans wife. 

It took three weeks for her to get around to calling me. Her husband was out of town on business and she had the urge and was trying hard to fight it and needed someone to talk to. I told her to talk away, but she said no, she needed face to face contact, the phone was too impersonal. "Besides" she said, "I may need someone to throw me down on the floor and sit on me to keep me from doing what I want to do." 

I smiled to myself as I thought about how she might very well find herself on the floor. I went over to her place and she let me in, offered me coffee and when I said no she led me to the couch. She looked me right in the eye and said, "We both know why you are here. The other girls have told me all about you and frankly, I don't believe a word of it." 

I smiled at her. I knew what she was asking. I was a dumpy looking, balding fifty year old guy who looked like every ones favorite uncle - no sex object me! I stood up and stripped while she watched. I didn't have music and I didn't do any bumps and grinds, but I took it slow and deliberate. First jacket, then shirt followed by tee shirt. I stepped out of my loafers, bent and took off my socks and then straightened up and stood there for a minute, just watching her face, before dropping my trousers and boxers at the same time. I smiled at the look of amazement that came over her face, "Oh my God" she said as she reached out and touched it - touched the power that I had over the others and might soon have over her. I said soon might because there are some women who can take it or leave it, but most, once they have it, want it over and over and over again. I might not have been blessed when they handed out good looks, but to make up for it I'd been given a nice, fat twelve inch cock and the stamina to put it to good use. That was the hold I had on the others. They kept quiet about what I was doing because if they didn't they wouldn't get it any more. The only question now was would Brenda be strong willed enough to take her fill and then tell me to piss off. 

"Oh baby, I've got to have that" and she pulled me to her. She fell back on the couch and spread her legs wide, "No foreplay baby, I got wet enough while you were on your way over just from thinking that what the girls told me might be true. Just put it in." 

Well, she wasn't wet enough and I had to work at getting it in her and she had an orgasm before I was half way in. Brenda was one hot fuck and she was going to be my new favorite fuck toy if she joined my string. She had orgasm after orgasm as I did my best to make sure that she wanted to keep on being my fuck toy. When I finally came she went down on me to get me hard again and I was surprised that she was able to get almost half of me in her mouth. The other girls could barely get a third in. When I was hard again she led me into her bedroom, "Mike will be gone for three days. I hope you don't have any pressing engagements." 

Brenda kept me at her house for two days and she was one of the very few ladies who could stay with me as far as endurance was concerned. I left most of them lying worn out on their beds, but Brenda was still ready to go. I would have loved to stay for more, but I had business to take care of. 

"When can I see you again?" she wanted to know as I got ready to leave. 

"When would you like to?" I asked. 

"Mike won't be home until tomorrow night. How about tonight?" 

Brenda was a good fit in my little harem. The really nice thing about my harem is that all the girls are willing to help me make a new conquest as long as I see to it that they all still get their fair share. As the innocent looking young lady made her way nervously to the front of the room I knew I could depend on them to help me with her. As an aside, I do help these women with their addiction; I say to them "only me or not me at all" and so far it seems to have worked. I sat and listened while I anticipated sticking my cock in that angelic face. 

"Hi. I'm Lisa and I'm a cum hungry slut." 

Yes you are my dear and I am going to try and see to it that you stay one. Report_Story 
