---
layout: page
title: Miracles Do Happen
---
#1 

===

As he stood next to the stop, waiting for the streetcar which would take him into the safety of his home-district, he caught sight of a girl moving towards the station. He couldn't really make out the looks of her face, all he could see was the blond hair, loosely waving around her rather narrow face, and a body which seemed to be quite appealing, although a little bit too thin for his taste. 

As it was his normal manner, he turned his face to look at a shop window on the opposite side of the street, trying not to show the girl he had checked her out. Shyness had always been a problem for him, and although he didn't look too bad, he never really attempted to chat up a girl he didn't know at all. 

Of course, in the corner of his eye, he kept looking at the girl. He could now see that she was clad in a light leather jacket, tight blue jeans, and black, high heeled shoes. He could also see that her face seemed to convey an older age than he had assumed on first sight. She was pretty, but there was something in her face that didn't really let that beauty out. She seemed sad in a certain way. 

When the streetcar arrived, he walked towards a door in the back, and noticed the girl/woman following him to this entrance. He smelled her sweet, seducing perfume when she entered next to him, and wished she would sit next to him. Unfortunately, the streetcar was as empty as could be, but to his surprise, the woman sat on a seat just across the aisle of his. 

He sat his bag next to him, took out a book, and once again, out of the corner of his eye, he glanced at the woman. He tried to suppress his drum-like heart beating when he realized she was staring at him. He didn't dare looking in her direction, and started staring into his book. He tried reading, but the letters weren't making any sense. When he felt safe, he turned his head, and quickly took a look at the woman. Yes, she wasn't a girl, she was definitely a woman. She seemed to be around 27, and had a serious look on her. As far as he was concerned, she seemed to be a little troubled. Not desperate, but troubled. 

Her nose was a little bit hooked, and her skin had remnants of a long gone case of acne on it, but he still thought she looked fine. It was always the little flaws in a woman that appealed to him. When she turned her head a little in his direction, he quickly stared back into his book, pretending to be engrossed in this work of literature. 

His heart didn't stop beating like a hard double bass, when he had to realize once again, that the woman was looking at him intently. Had she noticed him staring? He didn't know, and hoped she would look away again. He didn't feel at ease at all. 

The train stopped, and the woman started to get up. He let out a slow, quiet hiss and closed his eyes, relieved to be freed from this situation. Although he was shy as hell, or maybe because of that fact, he had a hard on, which was another reason he kept his book pressed to his body, trying to conceal the bulge in his jeans. 

He jumped when he felt a hand on his thigh. He turned, and next to him sat the woman. He wanted to say something, but she just held a finger to her lips, motioning for him to keep quiet. He didn't know what to do. What was this woman up to? Was she a lunatic, escaped from the local mental institution? While the woman smiled at him, and moved her hand higher up his thigh towards his crotch, he faintly remembered stories about man-eating amazons he had read when he was younger. Women who used men only as tools of procrastination, and when they were done with them, they threw them away. He shuddered, but realized it wasn't because of the Amazon thought, rather because by now the smiling, quiet woman had reached his crotch, and was lightly massaging his dick.. He stared at her now open-mouthed, not even capable of uttering a single word. She just smiled. He felt her breath on his face. It was a mixture of cigarettes and mint. 'An intimate smell', he thought, 'I haven't smelled that so near to my face in a while.' 

His dick was now hard as steel, and when the woman moved her lips towards his, he felt her fumbling for his belt, and starting to unbuckle it. When her lips touched his, and her warm, soft tongue crept into his mouth, meeting his, his belt was unbuckled. And when both their tongues started caressing each other, his fly was open, and his dick was being massaged by the strange woman. 

His mind, for once, had totally gone on stand-by. All he felt was the woman's sweet, wet. silky tongue, roaming in his mouth, and the soft fingers of her hand, stroking his dick. The sensations once overwhelmed his thoughts, he didn't care about the other people on the train, all he cared about was the contact with this woman. 'This is magic', he thought. He reveled in her touch, her movements, and didn't want this to ever stop. 

He was almost disappointed when the woman broke their kiss, but when he noticed her hair brushing over his face, he understood why. He opened his eyes, and saw the woman's head in his lap. When he felt the first cold, then warm, wet sensation of her lips on the tip of his dick, he almost jumped. Of all the women who had given him a blow-job in his life, this was the most sensual he had ever experienced. The woman's mouth opened wider, and he felt how the head of his dick was slowly sucked in this wet hole. He put a hand on the woman's head, not really to push her head further on his dick, but to feel her hair, the blond, wild mane which was now brushing his lap too. He closed his eyes, and just enjoyed the obviously talented mouth of this strange woman. 

He felt the head of his dick being sucked harder and harder, and the tongue of the woman circling his piss-slit, trying to push inside. It was a sensation he had never felt before, and he didn't know how long he would last with administration like that. Then, in one smooth motion, the whole length of his medium sized dick was inside the woman's mouth. He felt the walls of her throat contracting, as if she was trying to milk his dick of his semen. Then she released it again, just to swallow it all again. Slowly, but steadily, she repeated this action, evoking a feeling in his balls he knew just too well. He started bucking his hips, triggering quicker movements from the woman, who was now rapidly sucking and deep-throating his dick. 

When he felt he couldn't hold back any longer, he tried to warn her by moving his dick out of her mouth, but she didn't allow it. She pushed her mouth even harder on his dick, sucked with vigor and before he knew it, he came in long, strong spurts. His heart seemed to burst, split open his chest and embrace everything around him when he felt his semen being sucked into the woman's throat. It was total bliss, never ever felt by him, the young man who was not really a womanizer, the man who never really had the kind of sex his libido demanded from him. Now was his moment, it was the gods' present just for him, a strange woman sent to give him the pleasure he had needed all his life. 

When he opened his eyes, the woman was gone. He looked into his lap and saw his book was still there, his fly was closed and his belt buckled. He gazed outside and saw he had missed his stop. He grabbed his bag, jumped up and out of the train. And while the cool night breeze gave him an instant chill, forcing him to button up his coat, he thought: 'Miracles do happen, but not to me', and made his way home to his small, cold and utterly boring apartment. Report_Story 
