Stacy Pays The Rent
===================
#1 

===

Life sucked! Staci could not believe how bad things had gotten. When she and Don had married life had seemed so full of promise. They were crazy in love, Don had a good job, they lived in a nice part of town and everything was coming up roses. Then, in the blink of an eye everything went totally to hell. 

Don had helped pay his way through college by joining ROTC and after graduation he had served three years on active duty and then come home and gone into the reserves. He and Staci had met, fallen in love and married and while she had hated giving Don up one weekend a month and for two weeks every summer she had understood that he had an obligation. And then that clown in the White House had decided that he needed to be macho and now Don was sitting on top of a sand dune somewhere on the other side of the world. Don had made good money when he was home, but he made it as a salesman on commission and when he was called up the money stopped coming in. Staci had gotten a job and that, with Don's allotment check had been enough to keep the wolf away from the door. Then, as if taking her husband away hadn't been enough, Bush had to so mismanage the economy that she lost her job when her company went belly up. She hadn't been there long enough to qualify for unemployment and Don's government check wasn't enough to pay the rent, pay utilities and buy food. 

And now this! She had returned from another fruitless day of job hunting and had found an eviction notice on the apartment door. She was already two months behind on the rent with no way of coming up with the money. Don was an only child and both of his parents were dead and Staci had never known hers. She had been left in a basket on the steps of a police station with a note that simply said, "We can't care for her" and she had spent her life being shuttled from one foster home to the next. She was sitting at the kitchen table sipping a cup of tea and feeling sorry for herself when there was a knock on the front door. She looked out the peephole and saw that her visitor was Jonas. Jonas was the resident apartment manager and while he had never been anything but nice to her she still felt uneasy when he was around. He was about sixty years old, had a scraggly beard and was at least forty pounds overweight and Staci didn't doubt for a minute that he probably had bad breath and body odor too. She debated on whether or not to answer the door and talk to him, but then decided that there was no sense in avoiding the inevitable. She unhooked the security chain and opened the door. 

"I guess you saw the notice on the door" Jonas said. Staci nodded a yes. Jonas said, "If I might be allowed to come in and talk with you I might be able to help you with your problem." 

Staci, hoping for a miracle, stepped back and let Jonas in. She offered him a cup of tea and when he accepted she led him into the kitchen and invited him to sit down at the table. Staci served Jonas his cup of tea and then sat down across from him to listen to what he had to say. Jonas took a sip of his tea and then set his cup down on the table. He looked at Staci and said: 

"You are going to get very angry with me and I'm sorry for it, but regardless of how mad you get please remember that all I'm trying to do is help. Your situation, as I see it, is that you have no money, you are two months behind on your rent and in two more weeks you will be three months behind. The paperwork has already been processed to evict you and the only way you can stop it is to settle what you owe and pay a months rent in advance. That total comes to thirty-six hundred dollars and I'm guessing that you don't even have the money for one months rent, let alone four." He took a long look at Staci, "Am I right?" 

All Staci could do was nod her head yes. 

"As the manager I have some leeway in these matters and while there is no way I can help with the thirty-six hundred I can help you keep from being evicted, at least for a little while, while you try and come up with the money. The question is how desperate are you?" 

Staci didn't know how to answer that one so she just shrugged. Jonas went on, "The Company allows me to give some tenants credit against their rent for work done around the complex. Old Mrs. O'Neal for example gets her rent cut in half every month by cleaning vacant apartments to get them ready for new tenants." Staci started to say something, but Jonas held up his hand to stop her, "Don't get your hopes up. I only have so much of that kind of work and right now it's all I can do to keep Mrs. O'Neal busy and with only Social Security coming in she needs all the help she can get. What I have in mind for you is something that Mrs. O'Neal can't do. Not many are interested in a sixty-seven year old lady." 

When Staci heard that she turned cold. She began to see where Jonas was going and Jonas saw in her face that she suspected what he was going to say so he went ahead and said it. 

"I'll forgive one months rent for one night with you." Staci started up from her chair, face red with anger, and ready to tell Jonas where he could go, but again he held up his hand, "I'm not asking for an answer right now. Think on it. If you decide not too then you need to understand that you will have to be out of here in seven days and you will not be allowed to take any of your personal possessions with you. They will be held in storage until you settle up with the company and if you don't settle they will be auctioned off to help satisfy some of the debt. So think about it. You are young and healthy and I know that you are missing the steady diet of sex you had before your husband left. You can do two things at once here; you can stay a little while longer and you can take the edge off of your sexual frustration. If you decided against it that's fine with me, but think about it and give me a call. If I don't hear from you by this time tomorrow I'll know that you decided to become one of the street people - you know, homeless. Not a good time of year for that." He finished his tea and stood up, "I'll let myself out." 

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

Staci watched Jonas walk out her front door and her shoulders slumped as the weight of the world came crashing down on her. She was well and truly fucked. She had less than three hundred dollars and a list of things as long as her arm that she needed money for. The rent, the utilities, the phone, insurance on the car, gas for the car and groceries, and those were only the more pressing ones. No one to turn to, no where to go and no way to get in touch with Don. And as if all that wasn't bad enough Jonas just had to go and mention the sex part. Staci was so horny she could scream. She had gone from six and seven times a week to zilch in the space of one day. Plenty of sex right up to the day Don left and then instantly nothing. Three months with nothing but her fingers and a section of old broom stick handle. She couldn't even afford to buy a real dildo. Tears rolled down her cheeks as she thought about it - a screaming sexual hunger and no idea of when she would see Don again. 

Staci pulled into the parking lot and sat in the car staring at the apartment building. She hadn't slept a wink all night and today had been another wasted day as far as job hunting went. She had tried to ignore it, but Jonas and what he'd said just wouldn't go away. She glanced at her watch and grimaced at what she saw. If she was going to give any consideration at all to the proposal that Jonas had made her she only had two more hours in which to do it. She picked up her mail at the mailbox and threw it on the kitchen table when she got into her apartment and then put on the teakettle. Then she sat down and sorted through the mail. Nothing from Don. It had been almost two weeks since she'd heard from him. A notice that she had exceeded the limit on her one credit card; a reminder that her auto insurance was past due and that she was in the thirty day grace period; a notice from the phone company warning her that she was going to be disconnected if she didn't pay by the end of the month and a notice from Publishers Clearing House telling her that she had won ten million dollars. "Yeah, right" she thought as she tossed it into the garbage. She sipped her tea and tried to think of some way that she could dig herself out of the hole she was in, but for the life of her she could think of nothing. She finished her tea, looked at her watch, sighed and picked up the phone. 

++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ 

Staci was naked under her housecoat and she looked over at Jonas who was sitting opposite her in nothing but his briefs. "Just what does this mean?" she wanted to know. 

"Whatever you want it to" he said. 

"But why did you do it, to blackmail me?" 

"No sweetie, the tape is yours, no strings attached. I just wanted you to see the possibilities when your head was clear. You did your part and I'll adjust the ledger to show credit for one month's rent. You were fantastic by the way and I wish I could give you more than a month's credit, but I can't. There's no way I could cover myself if I did." 

He slid an envelope across the table to her and she opened it and found it stuffed with money. A quick count showed that there was twelve hundred dollars there. Jonas smiled at her, "You were worth every penny sweetie." Jonas got up and shambled toward the bedroom to get dressed and Staci looked at the fat old man as she clutched the money in her hand and thoughts of the videotape she had just watched ran through her mind. 

When she woke up her head throbbed like she had a hangover, but she was pretty sure that she'd only had two drinks the night before. She found that she was snuggled up to Jonas and had one arm across his fat belly with her hand holding his shriveled up cock. She knew that Jonas had fucked her last night, but she didn't remember much of it. Why she didn't just sit up and get out of bed she didn't know, but for some reason the hand on Jonas's cock squeezed it and then began stroking it. Jonas opened his eyes and smiled at her, "That's a lovely way to wake a man up sweetie" and then he had turned himself and had buried his face in her pussy. How can he do that she wondered as some of the previous night came back to her. She had been an absolute slut and had been fucked by not only Jonas, but by six other men. She still wasn't sure how it had happened, but the bottom line was that Jonas was doing his absolute best to suck every drop of cum in her pussy into his mouth - and doing a damned good job of it she thought as she ground her crotch into his face. God but you are such a slut she thought as she wound her fingers in the old man's hair and held him against her mound. Off to the left she saw his cock dangling and she scooted sideways and took it in her mouth. Next came a frantic fuck session that left the both of them breathing heavily and sweating. 

When Staci came out of the shower she found that Jonas had already boiled the water for tea and had a cup sitting on the table for her. As she sipped the tea she wondered again why she had fucked the fat old man when she had awakened. He was nothing like her hard bodied husband and yet he had fucked her so hard that she'd had two orgasms before he came. He didn't even look good. Scraggily beard, yellowed teeth and a flabby belly, but even as she looked at him and sipped her tea she wondered if he might fuck her one more time before he left. Then he had said, "Here, you need to look at this" and he had handed her a videotape. What Staci hadn't yet recalled was on the tape. It showed her being a wanton slut doing her best to fuck seven men into exhaustion. She sucked their cocks and they fucked her. She sucked their cocks some more and they fucked her some more. She took them in her pussy, her mouth and her ass and several times she had all three of her cock accepting holes filled at once. She begged them to fuck her; she pleaded with them to make her cum and they did their best as Staci had one climax after another. The last shot was of Staci lying on the bed crying, "One more please, just one more." Then Jonas told her he had doctored her drink " to make you a little more pliable for your first time sweetie" and then he had called some friends and asked them if they would be willing to part with two hundred dollars for a night with a young, sex starved housewife. 

"The tape isn't blackmail sweetie, it's just to show you how much you liked it and that you can make money doing it." 

When Jonas came out of the bedroom Staci handed him nine hundred dollars from the envelope, "That's another month's rent. Now I just owe one month and the month in advance, right?" Jonas took the money and nodded. Then Staci asked, "Now that you are my pimp what do you get out of it?" 

He grinned at her with his yellowed teeth, "Not money sweetie. All I want out of it is that I get for free what the others have to pay for and I get to eat your pussy and clean their cum out of you." 

Staci took a long look at the fat old man and wondered if she was ready for something like that. What the hell, she had loved it - the tape was proof of that. The money was good and Don would never know. On the really bright side she could throw away that broomstick handle and she loved the way Jonas ate her pussy. 

"Got time now, or would you rather wait for tonight?" 

The old man grinned, "Why not both, now and then again tonight after your company leaves. You will have company tonight. I gambled on your loving it and wanting to do it again and I have three guys coming over at seven o'clock. If you want to take a night off you are going to need to tell, me otherwise I can keep you booked up until your husband gets home. After that, well just have to see." 

Staci stood up and dropped her robe to the floor, "Come on you dirty old man. Let's see if you can make me scream one more time before you go." Report_Story 
