---
layout: page
title: Becoming a Slut Wife: Tina
---
#1 

===

The evening was a blast. I had broken up with my wife and was supposed to be feeling miserable, but I wasn't. If the stupid cunt needed to go and 'find herself' good fucking riddance, she was a lousy cook anyway. Not bad in bed, but the silly bitch couldn't boil water. I was still having a hard time believing that after ten years of marriage she had come up to me and said, "There is something missing in my life. I feel that there is a void in me, that I am lacking something, that I am unfulfilled in some way and I need to go and find myself. I do love you John, but our marriage is trapping me. Please understand, but I need to find the real me." Well, the silly bitch found fulfillment. Last I heard she'd fallen in with a bunch of bikers and they were taking turns filling her full. 

My brother Tom and his wife Tina decided that I needed a night out with some good friends and they talked me into meeting a bunch of them where Tom was working. Tom was an aircraft mechanic by day and a frustrated musician by night. He played drums for a band that played the local clubs and bars. They were pretty damn good, better than a lot of the ones that were dragging down the big bucks making records and playing concerts, but none of them had the balls to quit their day jobs and make a run for the gold. Bad for them, good for the rest of us. It was great having a good local band that we enjoyed dancing and listening to. 

The night was rocking and everybody, including me, was having a great time. Since I had a day job that I was a slave to I started making my good-byes about ten and Tom asked me if I would mind giving Tina a ride home. She usually sat and sipped coffee while Tom played and then went home with him, but that night she had gotten into the spirit of things and had a pretty good buzz going. It was on my way and I said, "No problem bro, be glad to do it." 

He walked her out to my pick up and she was protesting all the way, "I don't want to leave, I'm having fun and I want to stay." 

Twice she almost fell down and we had to help her into the truck. She had to get in on the driver's side and sit next to me because I had about five grand worth of computer stuff on the seat next to the passenger door. I had no place else to put it except in the bed and with rain threatening I sure didn't want to do that. The ride to Tom and Tina's was about a half-hour drive and about five minutes into the ride, with Tina sitting right next to me, I noticed that Tina had her hand on my leg. How long it had been there I didn't know, but once I did notice it, it became hard to ignore. Tina was a sexy little thing, five- foot even, a little chubby at 120 pounds, but in a sexy, voluptuous way and her tits were world class. 

I hadn't been laid in the three months since my wife left and Tina's hand on my leg gave me a hard on. Her hand slowly started to stroke my leg and that only made matters worse and then she said, "I had fun tonight Tommy, I wish we didn't have to leave." 

Holy shit! She thought I was Tommy. Or did she? I knew she was pretty blitzed, or was she pretending to be blitzed so she could use it as an excuse for fooling around? I didn't know, but to honest about it I didn't really care. I love my brother and would do anything for him and I like Tina to, but deep down inside where it really counts I'm an asshole and if Tina wanted to play, play I would. Her hand reached the lump in my trousers and that was it. I unzipped and pulled out my cock and I saw Tina look down at it. She giggled, "Tommy, we shouldn't do this while you're driving" but her hand closed around it. I let her jack me off until I couldn't stand it anymore and then I put a hand behind her head and tried to push it down. "No Tommy, not while you are driving. If you want that pull over." 

Who was I to argue with that? I pulled over to the side of the road and Tina's head went straight down to my dick. It took all of my concentration to keep from erupting when her hot mouth closed on me, I wanted to cum, but I knew that this could very well be a one time thing and I wanted it to last. My brother was one lucky son of a bitch. Drunk, Tina gave better head than I've gotten from most girls who were sober. Tina must have been fantastic when she was clear headed. I was only able to last for about two minutes or so and then I let go three months worth of stored up sperm. Tina tried to pull her head off me, but I held my hand on the back of her head and she was forced to gulp and swallow. It seemed like I kept spurting for a minute and then my cock started to go soft and just as quickly it started to harden again as Tina's mouth worked at trying to swallow all I'd let loose. 

I'm not wasting this chance, I thought, and I jumped out of the truck, ran to the other side and put all my computer equipment into the bed of the truck and prayed that it wouldn't rain. I hurried back to my side of the truck, praying that nothing had happened to snap Tina out of the mood she was in. She was sitting there with a dazed look on her face and I began to think she that she did think she was with Tommy. Too bad sweetie I thought, you may be family, but I'm horny as a goat. I gave her a little push and she fell back on the seat. I had her panties off in record time and moved between her legs as she was saying, "No Tommy, no baby, not here, wait until we get home." 

No way honey I thought, I'm not waiting, not one little bit. This chance might never come again and I pushed my cock into her hot little hole. I started fucking Tina and she started moaning and her hands began clutching at me and I couldn't get over how hot, wet and tight she was. Since I had just cum in her mouth I knew I would last a bit and after three months of no pussy and the prospect of none on the horizon I was in no hurry. I fucked Tina slow and easy and she was pushing herself back at me and moaning, no words, just a long string of moans that sounded like the word 'oh' strung together. I could tell feel the pressure building and I started to fuck her faster and harder. 

The change in pace must have triggered something because Tina's eyes shot open and got very wide as she looked up at me. She looked confused for a moment and started looking frantically around, "Tommy? Tommy? Tommy?" And then she looked back up at me and cried, "No! No! You can't do this, this is wrong. No, please no, you can't do this to me." 

"Too late sweetie, I'm going to cum." 

She tried to push me off, "No, please don't, please god no, don't cum in me, please don't" but it was too late, not that I would have stopped anyway, and I pumped my second load of the night into her. I held my self over her and let myself drain into her pussy as she struggled to push me away. Funny thing though, the more she struggled the more I felt her cunt sucking at my cock and, miracle of miracles, it started growing again. Tina started to wail "no, no, no" and I thought 'yes, yes, yes" and I started fucking her again. This time it lasted a good twenty minutes and about two minutes into it Tina's 'no, no, no' turned into 'oh, oh, oh' and she had her legs locked behind mine and her fingernails dug into my ass cheeks. When I shot into her that time she didn't protest at all. When I finally pulled out of her she just layed there and looked up at me with hate and loathing in her eyes. 

I got behind the wheel and pulled away from the curb. When I got her home I went around and opened the door and went to help her out. She jerked her arm away from me, but her legs were wobbly and she was unsteady on her feet so, despite her protests, I picked her up and carried her to the house. Once inside I thought 'What the fuck! I'm already in the shit so I might as well' and I carried Tina up to the bedroom and dropped her on the bed. She struggled as I took her clothes off of her, but five foot one twenty doesn't stand much of a chance against six two and two twenty-five. 

Her tits were a wonder and I held her down on the bed as I started to lick and suck them. Hell, what I did was make love to them and before long she had stopped struggling and had started to breathe hard. Then came the low moan and I was fucking her again. I couldn't believe what was going on with me. I'd already pumped three loads into Tina and was going for a fourth and I felt like I could fuck all night. The best I had ever done with my wife was three times spread out over an entire night. I have no idea what it was with Tina, but she inspired me. For the first time that night Tina was begging me to fuck her and not stop. 

When my fourth load left the head of my dick it was more drops that spurts, but I wanted to fuck Tina forever and to do that I needed a hard cock. I did something that I'd never in my life done before; I pulled out of Tina, rotated into a sixty-nine position, and went down on a cum filled cunt. I fully expected Tina to turn her head away to avoid my cock, but she didn't. She lifted her head and took my dick in her mouth and gave me a suck job I'll remember for the rest of my life. It took ten minutes, but she had me hard again and I rolled her over and pulled her up on her knees. I slid into her from behind and started fucking her; she was pushing her ass back at me and I glanced over at the mirror on the dresser and watched her tits sway back and forth. She also glanced at the mirror and her eyes meet mine; the hatred in her eyes was fiery and hot, but she continued to ask me to fuck her harder and not to stop. With one eye on the clock, it would be two-thirty before Tom got home, I pounded into Tina trying to get one more cum out of this glorious evening. I might pay a hell of a price tomorrow after Tina told all to Tom so I definitely wanted to make things worthwhile. 

I'd cum so many times that night that I wasn't sure that I could do it again and as I watched the clock hands move ever closer to two-thirty I became frantic to get that last cum in. I finally busted my nut at two-seventeen and I think that all that came out of my dick was dust. I jerked out of Tina, said, "Thanks babe, you're the best, but I got to run" and I grabbed my clothes and headed for the door. As I flew down the stairs I heard Tina holler "I don't ever want to see your motherfucking face again you bastard!" 

I was turning the corner at the end of the street when I saw headlights turning onto the street at the other end. I had just barely gotten out before Tom got home. I was exhausted when I got home and I fell asleep and slept like a baby. 

The next day when I got out of bed the enormity of what I'd done hit me like a ton of bricks. I had let my cock take control the previous night and what happens when you let the little head take over from the big head had happened and some time that day I was going to have to face my brother. But the only thing that happened that day was that every time I thought of Tina I got a hard on. I hadn't beaten my meat in the whole time my wife was gone, but thinking of Tina and the night before I whacked off twice. 

The next day the phone rang about noon and I saw from the caller I.D that it was Tom's number. I didn't pick it up; when it happened I owed it to Tom to do it face to face, not yelling and screaming over the phone. There were two more calls that day from his number, but I just let it ring. The next day was Monday and at work they asked for overtime and I took it. As a result I didn't get home until almost nine. There were no messages on the recorder and I began to wonder if Tom was so mad, mad enough to kill maybe, that he was holding himself in check until he cooled down. The phone rang twice that night, both times from Tom. 

There was no overtime on Tuesday so I was home by four-thirty and I hadn't been home five minutes when the doorbell rang. I glanced out the front window and saw Tom's car out front. I took a deep breath, time to pay the piper I thought, and opened the door. It wasn't Tom, it was Tina. She gave me an angry look and pushed past me into the house. "Why haven't you been answering your phone?" 

I wasn't about to mention Tom's name so I just shrugged. 

"I want to know what happened the other night. How did it get started?" 

I lied of course. I told her the story right up to the time I took my cock out, but the story I told had her taking my cock out and jacking me off. I told her that I thought she was just taking pity on me because I hadn't had any physical release since my wife left and that it wasn't until she said "Tommy, we shouldn't be doing this while you're driving" that I realized she thought she was with Tom. "By then you had me too far along for me to even want to try stopping you and when you layed back on the seat and told me to fuck you I was too far gone to say no. From there things just seemed to go out of control." 

I looked at her to see if she was buying it and it looked like she was. "What's a guy supposed to do when a sexy woman has her hand on his cock and is doing her best to get him off?" 

She looked at me and then she walked over to me and pushed me back on the couch. She knelt in front of me and started to pull down my zipper. "What are you doing?" 

"What I would have done Sunday or yesterday if you would have answered your fucking phone. I'm not even sure I like you anymore. Saturday in my mind I was calling you every dirty name I could think of while my mouth was begging you to fuck me harder. You made me your slut that night and I loved it. You didn't ask me for anything, you just took what you wanted and like a two bit whore I just layed there and took it. You pushed buttons that I didn't even know I had. And then you got up and walked out leaving a fucked out whore to face her husband." 

I looked at her and she said, "No, he doesn't know. I heard him come in the front door and managed to rip the sheets off the bed and get into the shower before he got upstairs. I told him I threw-up on the sheets. You started this, you made me your whore and I just hope you know what I expect from you from now on" and then she took me in her mouth. 

Tom had just rotated to swing shift at the airport and for the next three months you could find Tina at my place almost every evening. One night I made the comment that she looked somehow different, "I'm pregnant" she said, "You better get your fill over the next couple of months before I get to far along to fuck." 

That was a laugh. Get my fill indeed! She was fucking me damn near every night, sometimes as many as three times and I'd already lost fifteen pounds. But I did have to admit that pregnant she looked even sexier than she had before. Then one night something happened that turned Tina into a world class slut. 

I had given her a key to my place, but she had never used it. She had always waited for me to get home from work and then she would call and see if she could come over. It was a Friday night and I came into the house and I heard, "God, I'm glad you're here. I need to be fucked so bad I could just scream" and she walked out of the living room in nothing but high heels and thigh high nylons, sexy little round tummy and world class tits leading the way. 

She stopped dead when she saw me - me and the five guys who had come home with me to play poker. 

"Fuck me!" she said, meaning 'oh boy I'm in the shit now' but three of the guys said, almost in unison, "Love to." She looked from one to the other and then said (since they were all friends of Tom as well as being friends of mine, "It buys your silence, right?" 

We never did open a pack of cards that night and Tina showed us how a true slut can behave. For the next several months, until she had to stop, Tina entertained almost nightly at my house. I did tell all the guys that if word got back to Tom I'd hunt down the guilty party and hurt him bad, but they wanted her as much as I did and so Tom never knew. Tina was sucking my cock the night she went into labor and I called Tom and rushed her to the hospital. It was nine months to the day since my first night with Tina and as I looked down on little Thomas junior I wondered if I was an uncle or a father. I guess I'll never know. 

I am waiting to see what will happen when the doctor tells Tina that she can put her pussy back to use again. Who will be the first one in it, Tom or me? Or will motherhood rob me of one of my favorite sluts. I say sluts plural because I have another one in my life now. My wife came crawling home begging for forgiveness, which I conditionally gave. I told her if she could pull trains for bikers she could damn sure do it for my friends. She has taken Tina's place on the living room floor, the dining room table, the bed or whatever and she doesn't seem to mind at all. I do have to admit that I love the bitch and I'm glad she's back and I get a major kick out of watching her fuck the guys and then taking her to bed when they get done. 

In a touch of poetic justice I came home from work early one day and found, not surprisingly, three guys with my wife in our bedroom. The guy fucking her from behind looked familiar from the back and when I said, "I claim husbands rights, I'm next" a very sheepish looking Tom turned around and looked back at me. I broke out laughing, "No sweat bro, what's mine is yours. That's what being family is all about. Since Tina can't help you out it's only fair that the family slut takes care of you. It will be a kick to double team her with my little brother" and I started shedding my clothes. As I climbed on the bed I wondered if little brother might return the favor some day and if he did, would the four of us share the same bed? Report_Story 
