A Slut Visits
=============

'Only a few minutes' I think to myself, busily tidying up the last few bits and pieces. Not that it's messy, but the nerves are making me use up some of my pent up energy. Better not waste that I smile to myself, not if this weekend goes to plan. 

Yes, this weekend should be lots of fun - for both of us. You, my hot dirty slut, and me, your dirty minded 'master'. Not that I use that name from any 'official' BDSM scene kinda thing. No, it's just how you know I like to be addressed while we play our dirty sex games. 

I smile to myself, knowing that any moment my special friend will be arriving at my door, ready to give herself completely, to me or to pleasure.. both are the same to you. The evenings of swapping fantasies online have got us hot once more, and I again long to touch you, taste you, do whatever my fantasies wish. I can feel my cock stir just at the thought of it. Suddenly, as if to stop me daydreaming too far, the doorbell rings, and my heart jumps. Taking a deep breath, I cross to the front door to welcome you. 

"You've finally made it then" I joke. Not only are we sexual partners, we are also good friends. Just as you are about to come back with something sarcastic, I pull you close, my lips meeting yours, kissing you hard and fast. You return the kiss hungrily, tongue dancing with mine, lips pushing together, hearts pounding. 

My hand slides down your back to your arse, trying to feel through your skirt, making sure you've left off your underwear. I had ordered you to leave it at home, you wouldn't need knickers this weekend, you probably wouldn't need any clothes come to that. All I can feel is the heat of your skin, so I smile to myself. 

"You have followed my instructions then slut?" I whisper to you. 

"Yes master, you knew I would. I have brought the toys for us to play with too, just as we agreed" you smile, pointing out your travel bag. 

The sexual tension is already too much for me, for days, weeks, I have been waiting to use you again, and I mean to use every minute of the 48 hours I have you for. My body aches to fuck you, to feel my cock in your mouth, cunt, and arse, and I intend to feel some of those sensations soon, right now in fact. 

"On your knees my slut, I need to feel you sucking my cock once more, I need to see your lips around it.", I order you. Pushing you down to the floor roughly, where I've placed some large cushions, your face rubs against my groin. You can feel the heat through my clothes, and a thrill runs through you, your body responding to my firm instructions. You know you are my slut, and with me you can shut out the world and do anything.. no matter how dirty, and take pleasure from it. Looking up into my eyes you rush to free my cock, wanting to taste it now above all else, needing to have it fill your mouth. 

I just lazily watch, my hands gently running through your hair, my mind imagining them glistening with my cum, leaving wet shiny trails in your hair.. 'well that will come later' I think to myself. Yes later I will see you covered in my cum, and any other fluid I wish. If I could every inch of skin would shine, and I would plaster you hair to your head with cum, and I know you'd love it. 

Awakening to what is happening now I urge you to lick my cock, "lick every last inch slut, cover my cock and balls with your saliva". You don't need to answer, I watch you greedily lick me, soft and gentle, then hard and fast, marvelling how you breathe in my cock smell, loving to be so close to my hard meat. 

You already feel deliciously dirty, rubbing your tongue, lips.. face against my rock hard cock. You let your tongue circle round my balls, sucking first one then another into your mouth, showing me what a good fuck toy you are. Your hands slide down my legs, pulling off my trousers completely, wanting me naked. I take your lead, and strip off my top, enjoying feeling your hands slide up my chest, all the time your tongue is sliding up and down my cock. 

"Take off your clothes slut, all of them, show me your cunt" I command you, eyes locked with yours. I don't offer to let you up, and you enjoy kneeling before your master too much to move. You unbutton your blouse, revealing the lacy bra beneath. But too slow, I need you naked quicker, so my hands roughly handle you, ripping the fabric from your skin, my fingers pinching into your flesh as I do so. My eyes seem to eat up your naked skin, seeming to grow hungrier as I take in your bra-less breasts. The cool air gets to your breasts, nipples hardening under my gaze. You smile up at me, letting your fingers play with your breasts a while, tweaking the nipples while I watch, knowing full well that soon I will be doing the same, but far harder. 

"If you're very good I will cover those in my cum my slut, IF you please me now" I semi joke - you know too well that I need to cum all over your skin.. to rub it in and make you lick it off, just as you need me to do it. 

"Yes master" you promise, while you undo your skirt, letting it drop to the floor un-noticed. I am please to see you've trimmed your cunt hair very short, as I requested, not shaved, just cut short so I may see your cunt lips easier, especially when I try to force my whole fist into your cunt as we have planned. 

Enjoying the show, the charge builds in me, and I roughly push my fingers through your hair, pulling your face back to my cock. Your fingers snake round my stiffness, pulling it forward so it can slide easily into your mouth. There's no gentleness now, our needs are raw.. my need to fuck your mouth, and cum hard, your need is to be taken, used, to be my cum slut. Your free hand slips down, to find your now very wet cunt slit.. and the clit which aches for attention. All you concentrate on is rubbing your clit.. feeling the waves of pleasure through your body, and my cock, which now is forcing its way deeper into your mouth.. every thrust in and out I push it deeper, wanting to slide every inch into your mouth, fucking your face like a true slut. 

"You like this don't you slut" I cry, pushing my cock till it hits the back of your throat, the animal in me taking over, you nearly choke, but I know that shouldn't stop me, you want to be used as much as I want to take it. So I push your head down with my hands, forcing the tip of my cock into your throat, slowly.. slowly.. harder.. firmer.. you can feel my cock filling you now, you can taste the pre cum on your tongue, smell that freshly washed cock smell you love.. can't get enough of. To show you want more, you let your hand holding my cock slide round my thighs, to my arse, and in time to my thrusts pull me in, encouraging me to fuck harder, deeper, all the time you now moan around my cock, tongue trying to lap at it as it pulls out. Your mouth drips saliva, running down my swollen shaft, soaking my balls, dripping down your chin and tits. 

With a pop I pull it completely free, enjoying watching you try to stuff it back into your mouth. I take my cock in hand, enjoying feeling it so wet, and rub it over your lips, "what do you want slut?" I demand, not allowing you the pleasure of the cock between your lips until you reply. 

"You master. I need your cock in me, I need your cum.. I need to drink your cum" you beg, enjoying the power I now have over you. I watch trails of cum and saliva trail over your face, as I now slap my cock over your lips.. over your cheeks, over your forehead, even over your hair. 

I know I can't hold out much longer, all the time waiting for you, and now I have you - and in how many ways will I take you? Sliding fingers to your mouth, I open your lips forcefully with my hand, fingers sliding into your mouth, pushing your lips apart.. "yes my dirty slut, you will have my cum" I laugh.. ramming my cock back between those wet lips. Again and again I drive my cock deep, looking into your eyes, my whole body burning with the desire to cum in your mouth, to fill your mouth with my hot sticky spunk. You feel me so close, knowing that I am about to cum, and want to give even more.. and finding my anus with your finger you know just how, pushing gently you force your finger inside, timing the thrusts with my cock in your mouth. 

"God yes slut, don't stop.." I gasp, feeling the heat build in my cock, my body jerks, and I pull my twitching cock out of your mouth, holding your lips open with my hand, I fist my cock hard, wanking a blur, as my cock begins pumping cum out in what feels like torrents, stream after stream, spunk first shooting up over your face, hitting your hair, then jets shooting into your open waiting mouth, coating your tongue and teeth. All you can taste and smell is my spunk, which you crave so much. As I feel my orgasm subside, I push my cock back down your throat, my balls pushed against your lips as I hold your head to me, feeling you suck and swallow around my cock. My legs go weak for a moment, looking down at you, feeling my orgasm pulse through me. 

"Make sure you clean it well my slut" I warmly say to you, pulling my still hard cock from your mouth, watching it glisten still half coated with my cum. I can't resist rubbing it over your face, letting the spunk make a mess of your face. I take hold of a handful of hair and rub it against my cock, delighting in how dirty you want me to be. This is the final straw for you, unknown to me you have been bringing yourself so close to orgasm, rubbing your clit so hard, and as you see me use you in this way, see the spunk in your hair, smelling the sex on you, your body explodes, heat pulsing from your cunt, waves of pleasure ripping through your body, revelling in the feeling of total abandonment. 

We drop down to the sofa together, breathing hard and your face still half covered in cum, "welcome to my home slut, the weekends just starting...." .... Lying on the duvet I have placed on the floor of the TV room, I smile to myself, enjoying the quiet moment we share, your head in my lap, my hand gently stroking your hair, which is still slightly damp with my sticky seed. My heartbeat is getting back to normal, but my libido is far from satisfied. I have been planning this weekend for some time, planning to make you cum as many times as you have dreamed, expecting you to return the favour fourfold. Knowing you my darling slut so well, I know I will NOT be disappointed. 

Moving your head a little to look up into my eyes, your pretty face looking so innocent, apart from the drying cum marking your face, proving that you are so far from innocent. I toy with the idea of taking you outside, maybe walking to the shops, with my cum still on your face, your hair still wet with it, the taste of cock on your lips. I know what a thrill it would be for you, dangerous and forbidden, but so downright dirty. Hmm, maybe later, at the moment I think I will play with you some more. 

You lazily nuzzle against my cock, tongue playing games over it, making sure you'd not missed a single drop of cum before, hoping that more might leak from the tip for you to taste. My hand traces delicate circles around your shoulders, enjoying the simple touch of soft warm skin under my finger tips, enjoying the little shudders you make as the so light touch brings goosebumps. Looking towards the TV I remember the films I have waiting, one already loaded in the player, ready to light our torrid fucking with flicking hardcore sex scenes. 

I reach over to where I have stashed some provisions, bottle of baby oil, TV remotes, towel to wipe us down when it gets very messy (oh and I hope it will, I have some special foodstuffs hidden in the fridge to make sure it will). You smile when you see that I am turning on the TV, as you know full well what delights I have for you. 

"I hope you like this slut, I think you will. I know you won't mind the quality, or the content. Not that we have any hope of understanding the words, being German" I grin, "but I think the script is minimal anyway". With that 'warning' I press play, and settle down again, sliding behind you, noticing you have already turned to face the screen, lying on your side. Instantly the action starts, there's no build up in this movie we laugh. The scene in front of us shows a submissive slut, surrounded by 4 or 5 men, all naked. The woman has her hands tied behind her, nipples clamped hard, her long hair tied in a pony tail (the better to hold onto we find out). The men take turns to fuck her face, there are no other words for it. They take no notice if she gags, and looking in her eyes she is more than a willing 'victim' of the action. The other men wait their turns, slowly wanking their cocks, rubbing them against her body when they can. 

I can tell you approve, the little murmurs escaping your lips, and the way you move your body against me, rubbing your tights together. 

"What a nasty slut she is, don't you think" I ask you, hoping to goad you to outdo the woman on the film. 

"Mmmm yes" you whisper, eyes not breaking their contact with the forced gang bang before you. "But not as nasty as me" you giggle, us both knowing that could well be true. 

"Is that right my slut, hmm.. you will have to prove that before this weekend is past. Prove you are a nastier, dirtier slut than any of the women on these films, I expect you to do anything and everything they do, and more!" I challenge you. With the talk and film getting me hotter again, I grab your hair, pulling your head back roughly, kissing you hard, tongue sliding over your lips, into your mouth, feeling your body respond at being forced so. "lay on your front slut, with your knees pulled up under you, body pressed forwards, so I can admire that arse and cunt of yours, and keep watching the film" I order, pulling you round by your hair to encourage you, not enough to really hurt you, but enough so you remember who the master is. 

You don't need telling twice, sliding down in front of me, your arse exposed to me, tight anus on view, cunt lips just begging to be touched. How can I resist? And why should I? You are mine after all, totally and completely for these special days. Moving behind you, your attention focused on the slut on screen, how trying to choke down two cock at once, I crouch low over you, letting my breath fall across your upper spine. You shiver in anticipation, and I know you are silently begging me to touch you. I just hold above you, our bodies separated by only a few inches for a moment longer, keeping my power over you just a little longer. Slowly, ever so slowly, I lower my mouth, my tongue kept firm, so just the tip touches your skin, tasting the slightly salty flavour. Your back arches ever so slightly, willing me to touch you more, although keeping silent, you know better than to make a noise, yet. I continue my licking, tracing your spine down, returning higher to start downwards once more, each time reaching a little lower, returning to tease down your spine once more, leaving a line of wetness that my breath cools, making you shiver. 

No words are uttered, or needed. You feel the heat growing in your cunt, the sounds of sucking coming from the television, grunts from the men using the slut, the sights of two cocks forcing their way into a willing cock hungry mouth, and now you my tongue, teasing you. You hope I will touch your sensitive spot very soon, my tongue so slowly licking down your spine is creating an itch that needs to be touched very soon. You will me downwards, feeling every inch, time seems to be going too slowly, 'please .. please, lick my cunt.. please..' you silently plead, feeling the wetness in your hot cunt grow with every second. 

I smile, knowing that your shudders mean you are enjoying my ministrations, but also I know you must want more, much more. I use my hands to softly fondle the cheeks of your arse while I taste you back, tongue now circling your lower spine, just above where the crease of you arse begins. You moan a little louder, moving your arse in small circles, trying to rush my mouth down. Inch by inch my tongue slides lower, and as it does my hands more firmly squeeze and push apart your cheeks, leaving your tight rosebud open and vulnerable. I hear you gasp as you realise my intentions.. you feel your cunt contract with excitement.. and you are quickly rewarded, as my hot wet tongue reaches its first destination, your forbidden dirty hole. 

I now speed up my movements, tongue circling your puckered anus, letting saliva coat it, slippery and wet, hearing you moan out loud now, whispering, begging for more. I continue lapping at you, one hand sliding between your thighs, letting fingers slide between you now blood engorged cunt lips. I enjoy feeling the heat there so much, fingers touching, sliding over your wetness, delving deeper, finding your hole.. sliding inside.. the soft velvet wetness holding onto my two fingers, rubbing your inner walls. I don't forget my other duties, and with no warning I firm my tongue to a point, and slide it hard and fast into your arse, hearing you gasp, feeling your body shudder as I begin licking your most dirty yet exciting place, rimming you hard and fast now. 

You revel in the sensations, everything blurred apart from the feeling of my mouth hungrily eating out your arse, tongue swapping between licking round your rim, to forcing itself deep inside, my fingers.. 3 now, twist in and out of your cunt, forcing the lips apart, stretching you.. the TV still flickering images of a huge gang bang over our bodies, sounds of sucking and fucking filling your ears. You know you cannot resist for long, you feel the heat rising through your body, itself forcing itself back onto my mouth and hand. You need just a few strokes more, pushing back hard, feeling my tongue enter you even deeper, now 4 fingers trying to stretch your cunt open, itself feeling like it's on fire, juices flowing freely down my hand. Two animals giving into their basic instincts, you call to me.. "harder, harder, please... Master", begging me to give you more, more sensation, more everything. 

"Do you want more slut? Do you want everything?", I demand, wanting to hear you ask for more from me. 

"Yes master, anything for you" you plead. 

Quickly grabbing the oil, I squeeze plenty over my hand, rubbing it over the fingers, making my entire hand so slippery. You don't see this, you are still rocking your body back and forth, waiting for me to touch you deeply again. I make sure both hands are lubed, a new scheme on my dirty mind. 

I go back to your cunt, two fingers sliding easily inside now you are so wet and hot, and my fingers are so slippery. "More than that slut?" I tease, not waiting for an answer, I pull out, to slide back in with three. You make appreciative sounds, enjoying those fingers sliding in.. out, back in again, slowly making them go faster, deeper.. slowly twisting them while they slide inside you, stretching you that much more. I continue my plan, a finger of the other hand now pushing against your so tight anus. 

"Oh yessssss" you cry, as that finger gently slides inside you hot back hole, all the way past the first knuckle, second, until it is totally inside. 

"More slut?" I ask again, watching you nod your head, you are once again just concentrating on the sensations I am generating within your body. "Good, because I am going to give you more than you've ever taken", and with that, I force my little finger to join the others in your cunt, pulling it open so wide, while sliding a second finger inside your arse, leaving them inside, fluttering the fingers to tease the thin walls inside. 

You pant now, body getting slick with sweat. You know I won't stop here, and already your cunt feels so stretched, burning with heat, so full, yet needing so much more. You imaging how hot it must look, your cunt stretched open for me to see. Your whole body feels like it is one big hole, being fucked by my hands. I know you can't take much more, that it will only take moments to make you cum, one last dirty moment, so I do it. Balling my fingers into a fist, I push it against your cunt, slowly building pressure, harder, harder, slowly forcing its way inside those sensitive walls, opening you up beyond your fantasies. You push back.. willing my whole fist inside, to be ripped apart if that's what it takes, 'More... more' you will, my muscles straining on my arm with the effort, looking down upon my opened up slut.  

===

"Oh god yes" you scream, feeling my whole fist slide inside you, the burning heat is too much, the pain.. exquisite pain so good.. the waves of pleasure exploding around my hand.. your cunt tightening, contracting across my fingers, squeezing them.. the fingers in your arse being crushed with the force of it. It last for seconds.. but for you time is stretching out, trying to hold onto that feeling, burning through your body. 

"Mmmmm yes..." you murmur, collapsing down onto the floor, totally exhausted, feeling a sudden loss as I slide my fingers from you. Putting my hand to your face, you smell your cunt, and know what your master expects. Your tongue snakes out, tasting yourself on me, licking every finger, showing me how you will do anything for me. I want to test you to your limits, so present you with the fingers that have just been stuffed deep in your bowels, and you don't even hesitate, licking the musky taste from them. 

"Yes slut, that's good" I coo, looking down on you, enjoying the feeling of power I have over you. You attentions are getting me semi hard again, but I don't' want to be too hard – not yet, as I have more dirty plans for you. 

Dragging you up, I order you to follow me, as we walk my hand squeezes your arse, fingers teasing your relaxed anus, sometimes slipping inside, making it hard for you to walk. I lead you to the bathroom, and you start to guess my plans. "Into the bath slut, and kneel" I order, puling you round by your hair, hand roughly pinching a nipples as you lower yourself into the bath. "Hold my cock you dirty fucking slut, and point it towards your face I hiss, slapping your tits so they sting. 

"Yes master" you say, trembling, loving the feeling of my hands abusing you. You take my cock lovingly in your hands, trying not to get it too hard, as you know what I want to do. "Please master, " you beg, "mark your slut like an animal, I'm just a whore you should mark". 

I grin, knowing I have you now, nothing will be too much for my slut, I have pushed your limits so there are none there anymore. "Open that dirty fucking cunt mouth of yours" I shout, wanting to degrade you beyond your dreams. When you seem to hesitate too long for my liking, I pull your hair so your head is pulled back, and lean in close, looking into your eyes, before spitting down into your face, pulling my hand back I slap your left breast hard, making you yelp out in pain, but still looking up adoringly at your master, enjoying every touch. I can see your flesh angry read from my strike, but I think you deserve another, so hit your other breast, making sure I catch your sensitive nipple, this time making your cry out in pain, tears welling up in your eyes. Your resolve broken, you resist no longer, opening your lips you guide my semi hard cock to your mouth, looking up waiting for your master. 

"Yes you whore, I've been drinking all afternoon, ready for this" I gloat, and with that release the piss I've been holding back, watching intently as the jet fills your cum drinking mouth, filling it instantly, then watching the dirty golden flow run down your face, a river down your tits. I pull my cock from you, so I can aim it over your body – washing your body with it's dirty warm stream, soaking you from head to foot. With the last few drops I piss in your mouth once more, ordering you to swallow my offering, and I marvel as I see you comply, sealing yourself to the dirtiest act ever. 

I cannot resist anymore, and pull you up into my arms holding you tight as I kiss you – tasting my saltiness on your tongue. Our kiss is hard and animalistic, tongues probing each others mouths hard and fast. When we break away for air, your body breaking out in goosebumps after its hot soaking, you whisper one thing into my ear.... "more". 

After our dirty watersport games earlier, I think it's time to allow my slut some rest, as I have many more games planned for our weekend. I turn on the shower, and gently wash her cum and piss stained body, enjoying seeing her pink skin were I have slapped and pinched her. I allow my fingers to slide over every inch of her body, using soap to wash her clean, but also as an excuse to let my fingers slide over her pussy, feeling how hot and wet she still is, so very tight still. 

"Get yourself dry slut, I am taking you out, now it's dark" I tell her, grinning at the naughty smile she rewards me with. I know full well that my slut loves to play outside; especially if there's a chance we would get caught. In fact I know that she'd love to be caught by a gang of men, caught and 'raped' if truth be known. 

"Where are we going master?" she asked me as I watched her towel herself dry, teasing me by sliding her fingers into herself, spreading her legs obscenely as she stood before me. "Are you going to fuck me in some alleyway?" 

"You'd like that wouldn't you slut?" I laugh, pushing my fingers into her mouth so she could suck on them, showing me how she loves to eat me. "But no, not tonight, I have a dirtier surprise for you my dear. Something far more depraved". I can see the fire of desire burn in your eyes, see your breathing getting deeper, as you sex addicted mind dreams up your own possibilities, probably more extreme and dirtier than even I could imagine. I know full well that you'd love me to force you to fuck every man in the city, one after the other if you could. 

I order my fresh and clean slut to fetch her overnight bag, and spend some time going through her clothes, picking out a skirt, sheer blouse, and nothing else. "Wear these, you'll not need underwear". You have followed my instructions about this weekend to the letter, buying new, cheap, and replaceable clothes just for this weekend. We both know that they will get torn and dirty before our time is up, and I didn't want to send you home with no clothes for your 'real' life. 

We both dress for our evening out, luckily it's warm, because I allow you no underwear, and the blouse and skirt are both made from cheap thin material. Your nipples are almost visible through the white of the blouse, and you know that men's eyes will be drawn to them, which sends a shiver through your body. My desire gets the better of me, and I pull you close to me, my lips on your ear so you can feel my warm breath, my hand sliding up under your flimsy skirt, my fingers seeking out your warm wet place. While I let the tips of my fingers caress your swollen outer folds, I whisper to you, building the fire you feel between your legs. "I'm taking you to a little known nightspot tonight slut, I heard about it from a friend. It's quite close, and I'm sure you're going to enjoy it." I can feel your body responding to my touch, your pussy juices flowing freely now, humping back against my fingers that now slide in and out of you. I decide to change my mind, and tell you more about tonight – I was going to keep it a secret, just in case you couldn't go through with it, but I know now that I can use you any way I wish, that you NEED to do these dirty things. 

"We are going to a filthy local public toilet, which is connected to the park you passed on the way here. At this time of night, it's frequented by cheap prostitutes, and the dirtiest of men, who I'm told usually go to wank over magazines. Well I thought I'd take you there slut, and give you to them, to use however they want" With those words you start shaking, the thoughts running wild through you now taking over your body. I hear you moan, your whole being focusing on my hand that is now fucking your soaking cunt hard and fast, and the words I whisper that excite you beyond belief. 

"Yessss master, take your slut to be raped by nasty perverts, make me do anything for them" you hiss at me, your legs nearly giving way as you cum around my fingers, your breath ragged as I pump your cunt. 

I grin has I hold you tightly, keeping you upright, my own cock rock hard now, uncomfortable in my trousers. "Oh I will slut, don't worry. By the end of tonight your body will be sore and covered in strangers cum. You know these dirty men will treat you roughly, more so than me, you will be a slutty stranger who's boyfriend has brought to share with the homeless and perverted. They won't care how rough or dirty they are with you, are you ready for that slut?" . I know I am pushing you again, taking you to the extremes of your fantasies, and therefore I better give you a chance to pull out. 

Looking deeply into my eyes with a love that only a slut can show her true master, you hold onto me, and faintly whisper, "yes master, everything for you. I want to be your cum slut, to share with anyone you wish. I want all their cum" you promise me, making my cock twitch in anticipation. 

We step out into the cool night air, your nipples reacting immediately, poking through the filmy material. It helps you look the slut you are, matching the short skirt and bright red lipstick I insisted you wear. We walk arm in arm, nervously laughing and chatting, sometimes dropping into the conversation some sex act or fantasy we've shared, keeping us horny while we walk. You realise we don't have to wait long, the dimly lit park I mentioned comes into view after only a few minutes. The nerves really build now, you know this is dangerous, but trust your master to look after you should things get out of hand. You admit to yourself that you want them to get out of hand deep down, you've often wondered how far you could let yourself be taken, how degraded you need to become to completely satisfy the urges you feel. 

Feeling the excitement build with each step, I don't know if I shake from the evening chill or the knowledge that we could be about to act out another fantasy we share. I guide you to the stone building that is used as a public toilet, one I checked out previously during the daylight. It's a seedy dirty building inside, where the used condoms show that someone is using it to fuck in, either prostitutes or other couples with dark fantasies as ours. As we reach the doors to the men's, I push you against the stone wall beside the door, the cold and my force making you gasp. My hands squeeze your tits roughly, while my mouth finds yours, tongue forcing it's way inside your lips, kissing you roughly and hard. You quickly respond, throwing your head back so I can lick and suck on your neck, creating those shivers I know will come. I lick hungrily up your neck, kissing and sucking your earlobe, all the time my body is hard against you, pushing you against the hard unforgiving wall. We keep up our kissing for sometime, I let at least ten or fifteen minutes pass, so that any men who might be venturing into the park will see us, and be watching, hoping we enter the toilets, so they might follow and watch. Once I'd noticed some movement, I drag you in, holding you with a handful of hair, so anyone watching can see that you like it rough. 

The interior is as dodgy as I remember, a typical half lit English inner city dive. Half the bulbs are out, which is probably for the best, our eyes taking in the dirty sinks, cubicles with doors missing or flimsy looking, our footfalls splash in the water and piss that covers the floor, the whole place smells squalid; just the right sort of place to act out the dirtiest of fantasies. 

I pull you into one of the cubicles, picking one that doesn't have a lock. I push the door semi closed, but still obvious from the outside that it's not locked. "On your knees slut" I order, while I unzip myself, allowing my clothes to fall to my ankles. I take a seat on the toilet, luckily this one still has a lid, and watch as you kneel in the wet, ignoring the dirt getting on your legs, bringing your face to my crotch. I take your head in my hands and force you down to lick my balls, enjoying as you eagerly tongue me, then slowly sucking a ball into your mouth, greedily lapping around it. The dirty nature of you tongue bath gets me rock hard very quickly, and I need to feel your mouth around me. Grabbing your hair I guide my cock to your lips, and force you head down hard and fast, making you gag on my meat. I can feel my swollen glans enter your throat, and I move my hand to hold your neck, so I can feel my forced entry there. "Yes that's it's, suck it all slut" I cry, making sure anyone nearby can hear that you're sucking me off. 

On your knees sucking me off you are unaware that I can see the door swing open, and I can see – one.. two.. no three men at the entrance, eyes fixed on your arse, taking in your head bobbing on my cock. I don't even need to encourage them, one takes the lead, obviously they've been watching us for some time, are more than ready to take their turn. Two are obviously homeless, the third an older businessman, who for some reason gets his kicks from this dirty venue. I force your head down on me even harder and deeper, knowing that soon you will be doing the same for some stranger, taking his filthy unwashed cum coated cock, knowing that as long as he shoots his hot spunk in your mouth you won't care. 

You gasp as you feel a pair of hands on your thighs, pulling your skirt up to reveal your arse, naked to everyone now. The other two pairs of hands are less gentle, and you hear the sound of tearing fabric as they rip the skirt from your body. I pull you up so they can pull and rip off your blouse, buttons flying everywhere, giving no heed to you or your clothes. As soon as your clothes are off and in a heap on the floor, you are at our mercy. Fingers claw at your flesh, hands squeeze and pull at your breasts, twisting and pulling hard, making you whimper with pleasurable pain. I tell them to move you out of our small cubicle, and they aren't gentle has they paw you into the bigger open room. You are pushed down roughly onto the cold wet floor, as hands hold you down, mouths suck and bite your nipples, fingers roughly enter your cunt, as other hands pull your legs wide apart. While hands and mouths taste and finger your body, cocks are freed, I realise that more men have entered now, maybe seven or eight men here to use you, and who knows how many more may enter and find this scene. The first cock is pushed to your pussy, a big thick one I know will stretch you open, ready for everyone else to use you. Your legs are pulled apart almost till they hurt, and the group urges on your first 'rapist', guttural growls of "fuck the slag", "hurt her", "she wants it" echo round the room, and you're not surprised to hear my voice is one of them, caught up in the excitement of the gang rape. Only I know for sure that this is far from forced on you though, it's every fantasy you've had. I watch the strangers cock enter your wet pussy, sliding clean up in one, your obviously soaking cunt gobbles him up. He starts bucking into you, his cock ripping your pussy upon under his onslaught. 

Men stand around wanking, watching you being fucked hard, your body sliding on the slick floor. "Use her face" I urge, wanting to see you being used by more than one man at a time. A fairly clean younger man steps forward, with a gleam in his eye. He looks like he's going to fuck your face, but then changes tack, squatting over you, pushing his arse over your face. 

"Lick me" he orders, stroking his cock pointing it towards your breasts. You can do nothing other than comply, I move to a better position to see your tongue snake out, and start rimming this man who wants to use you in such a dirty way. "fuck me she's a dirty bitch" he tells the others, "she'll do anything we want" she laughs, wanking himself as he forces your tongue up into his arse. 

Some men can't hold on long watching such an amazing scene, and they step forward, cocks spurting ropes of cum over your tits and belly, which I know you'll just love. The guy forcing you to rim him grunts, and pulls back so he can ram his bursting cock into your mouth, just as he spunks – we all watch you greedily drinking it down, blowing bubbles of cum out of your mouth, then to suck and lick it back down, nastily swallowing the lot. 

You start screaming as the guy fucking you slams into you so hard, his cock obviously erupting his cum deep inside you, filling your pussy with strangers cum. I step forward, telling you to turn over, so I can have your arse. While I position you, using the cum oozing from your pussy to lube your back hole, I marvel as I see you trying to gag down two cocks at once, letting them take turns in fucking your mouth. I don't take my time, I want my arse rape to hurt you, make you cry out, so I shove my dick into you to the balls, pushing you forward so you deep throat the guy you are sucking. Your arse is so tight around me, milking me as I grind into you, wanting my spunk, wanting all spunk up inside it. No one can hold out long in this orgy, and as your body shakes from yet another orgasm, your arse tightening it's grip around me, I don't hold back, my orgasm shaking me to my core, filling your bowls with cum, spurt after spurt. 

I step back, out of breath, letting someone else step forward to start fucking your arse. I watch with pride as you take every cock, sucking some deep, begging them to cum over you. Men watch in lustful awe as you rub spunk into your face and tits, pulling your own nipples to your mouth so you can lick it up. Some men use your hair to wipe their spunk covered cocks clean, which sends more orgasmic shudders through your body. 

As the hours tick by, I think you're getting close to having enough, body red with bites and bruises, cum seeping from your holes. With a nod from me take hold of you tightly, turning you over, your arse pulled up in the air. It is still red and puffy from the severe fucking it has received, and when our hands pull your cheeks open your tight anus opens up again, gaping wide dripping spunk, your insides red and glistening with juices. I have two of the men use their fingers to pull you open wider still, your muffled moans telling us you are loving the abuse of your arse, enjoying the sensations and knowing we are looking into your bowels. I position myself so I can look inside, then collecting some saliva, I spit into you, so you can feel it hit you, and dribble deep into you. I then encourage others to take their turns, spitting into your open arse, treating you like the object you are. Some use their fingers to feel how wet your arse is now, running them round the ring, then plunging them deep inside, to feel your burning heat. 

While they abuse your gaping arse, I come round to take hold of your hair, and rub your face on the piss and cum sodden floor, telling you to lick up any cum you find their. You grunt like an animal, lust has overcome any resistance now, all you can think about is your burning arse and cunt, and the need for more cock. You feel someone position themselves behind you, and you feel a cock rubbing on your arse, and you beg for more. I can see what they have in mind, and take hold of you, making sure I can watch as they hold their semi hard cock at your gapping opening, then letting out a torrent of piss, using your arse as a toilet, a river of their hot golden shower streams out down your thighs, and your insides burn with the heat as they fill you. I can hear you muttering a stream of incomprehensible obscenities, but your face is the picture of lustful enjoyment, sweat streaming down your body, hair plastered back, as this dirty old man turns your body into a dirty toy. 

When he has completely relieved himself, I order everyone out, knowing you have finally had enough, watching your abused body lower itself down, laying in the combined filth. Seeing you so dirty and spent, I know I have one load left. I wank furiously standing over you, looking down into your eyes, your cum covered face, I softly call to you, "have you enjoyed yourself slut?" I ask, my own cum boiling in my balls now. 

"Yes master", you murmur, your hand still rubbing your sore clit, looking into my eyes, then watching my hand sliding over my cock.  

===

"Maybe we'll come again tomorrow" I smile, bringing my cock to your lips you eagerly lick me, even after swallowing so much cum tonight. Even after cumming several times, I still have enough left to shower your face, almost sticking your eyelids together with it, ropes of cum sticking in your hair. You shudder with one last orgasm, your finger a blur on your clit, body heaving. 

"Get those wet clothes on slut.... We are walking home" 

Part 4 of the continuing story of the fun that can be had between master and cum slut. 

After the short walk home, I rush you into the bathroom, so and let you relax your sore body in a soothing bubble bath. 

"You have done well slut" I whisper, my hand smoothing back your hair. "I hope you are enjoying your fantasy weekend". 

"Yes master, you don't know how much. I've wanted this for so long, and I'm been such a slut haven't I? Such a nasty slut for her master. I can't get enough cum, you know that.. don't you sir". You smile back at me, your words letting me know that everything that has gone so far has lived up to your darkest fantasies. 

"Sleep well tonight slut, because tomorrow I have more surprises for you – lots more cum for my whore." I am not lying, I have been planning this weekend for some time, and the internet has been very useful. Little does my slut know that tomorrow more guests will be arriving, and they will be helping fulfil another fantasy of ours, for her to covered head to toe in cum, her body and hair slippery with men's spunk. 

The rest of the evening is spent relaxing, watching tv and sharing a bottle of wine. We fall asleep with our bodies pressed together, my arms wrapped around my dear slut protectively. 

. . . 

Next morning arrives, and I again feel a nervous energy. Making breakfast I again go over my preparations, the plans laid for months. From the initial 'adverts' placed in my posts on the erotic story site I contribute too, through the e-mail selection process. Everyone chosen wanted to take part in the bukkake scenario I had planned – the idea coming from watching some very dirty video clips downloaded off the internet. My volunteers knew they were coming not to fuck my slut, but to wank over her, rub their swollen cocks over her face and lips, and finally to shower her face and body with their sticky contributions. 

Taking the food up to the bedroom I walk in on my slut with the covers thrown off her body, her legs spread obscenely, her fingers buried in her slit. 

"Mmm master, I was just thinking about last night, and how dirty I felt letting those men all use me. I just can't stop thinking about it, my pussy is so wet for you master". 

Watching my slut play with herself while she re-plays last nights sex in her mind helps bring my cock back to life, I can see the fires in my sluts eyes as she looks at my bulge. "You did very well last night slut, you took so much cock, and did anything to please your master. Are you ready for more cum today?" 

I hear a moan escape your lips as you hear my words, your fingers sliding in and out of your already soaking cunt, the other hand now starting to rub fast circles around your swollen clit. 

"Just your cum master?" you playfully ask, licking your lips at the thought of sucking more cum out of my hard cock, yet secretly hoping that you will get to swallow much more than just I can offer. You know full well that your master has unlocked something inside of you, a burning desire that will not be quenched by ten, tens, hundreds of men. Your body shakes with a mini orgasm as you imagine fucking thousands of strangers over the next few years, all wanting to use you in different dirty ways. 

"Oh no slut, not just my cum. We are going to check into a seedy motel just out of town, and I have given the name of it to thirty hand picked dirty minded men, and you my slut, are going to take all their cum over you. There is only one rule, and that is you are not to swallow any spunk until I have taken photo's of your cum drenched body. Once I have those photos, you are to drink up every last drop you can". With these words I see the effect I am having on you. I watch as my sluts body tenses, arse rising off the bed, fingers blurring on her clit, grunting through clenched teeth. I rush over to you, taking your nipples roughly in my fingers, I pinch and twist hard, knowing the pain helps to drive your orgasm to even greater heights. 

"Fuck, fuck, FUUUUUUCK" my slut screams, body arching off the bed as I watch her cum so hard, her hot blood blushing across her chest. I can see her wetness seeping out of her red hot pussy, making her inner thighs slick with her lust. 

Not being able to resist, I push your legs apart, bringing my tongue to your still burning cunt, so I can taste your juices. I lap at you, hearing your ragged breathing and little moans. Coating my mouth with your wetness, I move up your body to kiss you deeply, allowing you to taste yourself, which you hungrily do. 

My cock strains against it's confines, eager to fuck your hot holes, but I know I need to save my cum, so I too can watch my spunk shoot over you in only a few hours. 

"Get dressed slut, I need to collect a few things. Don't bother with any underwear, you're not going to need it." I grin, knowing that you're disappointed not to get my cock again right now, after the hot display you've just put on for me. 

While my slut dresses, I dig out my digital camera, and use my mobile to check for replies to the confirmation text message my 'volunteers' were sent the night previous. I'm pleasantly surprised, as it looks like we are on for a full house – well a full motel room full of sweating bodies anyway. One last addition to my inventory, a glass bowl is added to my backpack. I have a dirty use for that planned during the afternoon of fun. 

The morning goes past slowly – to build up my slut's sexual tension I make her watch more of my hardcore film collection, and also go online finding random partners to have cybersex with, all the time under strict orders not to make herself cum. 

Watching her 'fuck' some stranger online, I whisper in her ear that the taxi is about to arrive to take us to our afternoon rendezvous. "It's time slut – say goodbye and turn off the computer". 

"Thank you master" you coo, rushing to join me as I wait by the front door. "God I'm so hot, my pussy feels so wet, I'm sure the taxi driver will smell my sex", you laugh. 

"He'll be able to see slut. Just look at your skirt, it's got a huge wet patch" I laugh back, pointing out the tell tail sign of your mornings teasing. "In fact I think you should show him just how excited you are slut. Talk of the devil, here's the car. Make sure you let that skirt ride up on the journey". 

I can see the excitement in your eyes as we step out and I open the door to the old black cab, letting you sit where you think you'll be most exposed. I sit next to you, putting my arm around you, pulling you down a little, which lets your thin skirt ride up a little more. With just a look I make you open your legs, splaying them like the whore you are. 

When I tell the taxi driver the name of the motel we want, he grins back at me, knowing full well that we're probably going there to fuck, but not knowing the half of it. Early in the journey he tries the usual taxi driver small-talk, that is until her hears the sounds of my fingers sliding noisily into my sluts slippery cunt. The trimmed short pubes lets him see the lips of your pussy opening to let my fingers probe deeply inside. 

Not another word is said the rest of the journey, the only sounds being me finger fucking you, and your breath and soft moans, as you let me take you in full view of our driver. When we arrive, I extricate my fingers, cleaning them by rubbing them over your face, allowing you to lick them clean. 

The driver seems a little nervous as I hand him a note, "keep the change" I tell him, smiling as I pull you behind me, leaving him with a probably hardon. 

You can see how seedy the motel is, when you see the credit card machine that issues room keys, as there's no real reception. "Aren't you going to get a key?" you ask, noticing me sweep past it towards one of the wings of rooms. 

"No need my slut" I explain, "the room is already waiting for us, along with some of your guests". For what you didn't know was that I had been text'd the room number from the first men to arrive. A small payment for the afternoon of dirty fun they were about to enjoy. "And here were are, keep close slut". With a quick last kiss on your lips, I knock at the door, and it is opened by a slightly balding man in his forties. "Hi, you know who I am, and you definitely know what this slut is here for", pushing you forward as I make my short introduction. 

As your eyes grow accustomed to the dingy lighting provided by the small bedside lamps, you can see the room is packed with at least ten men, sitting on and around the bed. A soft porn film flickers on the TV, something to keep their interest before the main course arrived. 

The mood in the room changes almost instantly – I've prepared the visitors over the last few weeks via e-mails. I have told them that they need not be shy, as you are the dirtiest slut they will probably every have the pleasure of. 

Pushing you roughly onto the bed I order you to strip quickly, and show your guests your naked body. I watch as your shaking hands unbutton your blouse, revealing your already hardening nipples. This gets an appreciative murmur from the watching eager eyes. I guess they must all have been wondering if you would really play along with my promises. They won't be disappointed. You slide your skirt off – and look around the watching faces, almost daring them to be the first to come and touch you. 

"Now then gentleman, you know the rules. No touching the slut, unless of course you do so with your cocks, and then only on her face – if the slut wants her tits and pussy playing with, she's to do it herself." 

You gasp, not realising quite what I had planned, but your surprise is soon replaced with pure hunger, as you watch the men around you start to strip down. You watch as semi erect cocks of different sizes appear before you, watching intently as you see hands being stroking cocks slowly up and down. 

"Play with yourself slut, put on a show for these gentlemen" I whisper in your ear, handing you your favourite dildo. I watch you l sit with your legs apart, slowly rubbing the dildo's soft end up and down your already swollen pussy lips. All eyes watch as you slowly, ever so slowly slide the end inside yourself, throwing your head back with a groan as you impale yourself on all 8 inches of rubber cock. "That's it slut, fuck yourself hard, imagine all these cocks spunking all over you" I say, encouraging you to give into the animal slut you are. 

"Tell all these men what you want slut" I demand of you, wanting to turn up the sexual heat in the room even more. 

"I want their cum master, I want them all to cum over me, to use me as the cum slut I am" you beg, looking from man to man, cock to cock. 

They don't need any more encouragement, and start to move closer to you, and it doesn't take long for the first to start wanking his cock close to your face. Close enough for you to snake your tongue out to taste his salty shaft. 

"Look at this slut" he exclaims, "she really wants my cock", and with that he doesn't hold back, rubbing his blood engorged mushroom head over your lips, letting you taste his pre-cum properly. 

That opens the floodgates, and any nervousness in the room is replaced with animal instinct. You are suddenly surrounded by hard cocks, five of the men now stand around you, you sitting between them on the flimsy single bed. You reach out with a free hand to stroke and fondle the balls of each man in turn, allowing them to take your head in their hands, to force their cocks into your mouth. You eagerly suck down each cock in turn, taking them as deeply as they dare force themselves inside. One is rougher than the other three, obviously enjoying the feeling of fucking your throat, not caring when you gag on him. I smile to myself, knowing that is exactly how you want to be treated, as a fuck toy to be used and abused. 

It's obvious to everyone that you are enjoying the treatment, as you groan around the cocks that fuck your face, enjoying the dildo that stretches your cunt open as you ram it deep inside. You are dimly aware of the flashes that light the room, and your pussy throbs as you realise it is me taking photo's of you, sandwiched between four naked sweating men, their cocks rubbing pre-cum over your face, saliva coating their balls. 

It isn't long before their wanking and your oral skills bring the first dark haired man close to his orgasm. As agreed, he pulls from your mouth, and his hand speeds up stroking his slippery cock, rubbing the skin up and over the head, which builds the heat in your pussy as you watch. 

"give it to the slut" goes out the cry, not only from the other three wanking around you, but also from the watching eyes around your group. I move in close, camera ready, as we watch your first conquest stand up on the balls of his feet, aiming his cock directly at your open mouth. 

"Don't swallow" I warn you, "but do play with your food" I order, not wanting you to swallow the loads just yet. That's too much for him, and with a guttural cry he unleashes his orgasm over you, the amount shocking me, rope after white rope of fresh cum spurts out from his pulsing cock, coating your tongue, some shooting higher, over your nose and cheeks, even reaching your hair. With a sigh he pulls away, to be replaced immediately by a new contender. 

I take photo's as you swirl your tongue around, savouring the salty cum in your mouth, before squeezing your tongue against it so to push it over your lips, down your chin, to drip down over your tits. 

This nasty show pushes others over the edge, and as they cry out, two more start spunking over you, one from behind, shooting all his sticky goo into your hair, making you already look like a fucking whore. The other aims lower than the first, rubbing his cock head over your nipples as he unleashes his cum boiling from his balls over your chest. He takes great delight in drawing cum pictures over your chest, and we all enjoy watching your fingers rubbing the cum into your skin, moaning as you do so. 

Remembering anther of my tools for the afternoon, I place a the glass bowl in your hands, telling you to leave the dildo in your cunt, and order you to make sure you catch any stray spunk in the bowl. 

Hearing a knock at the door, I leave you as another jet of white coats your face, getting spunk all over your now closed eyes. I welcome another 5 or so men, leaving the door open now, so that anyone passing may happen to see the show. 

The room now is filled with the sounds of wet cocks being stroked, your whimpers as you are lost in a sexual haze. All we can smell is cum and sweat, and it drives everyone to new heights. I cannot stand it any longer, and taking my cock in my hand, I join the group around you. It doesn't take long for me to reach the point of no return, and I make sure you open your mouth wide so I can add to the salty deposits there. I call you filthy names as I spunk hard over you, telling you that you're my cum drinking slut, and that you have much more spunk to come. 

You blow cum bubbles with my load, and the nasty act triggers more cum, the group around you turned on beyond belief at how nasty you are being. 

I settle back, watching cock after cock use you, sometimes forcing their way inside your cum gargling mouth, sometimes using your hair as a wank tool, spunking inside the growing spunk slick mess. 

You are lost in your lust, all you can smell and taste now is strangers cum, and you can feel your body slick with it. You lose count, as the minutes.. hours? Pass by. You don't realise, but I know full well that the nearly 30 men that have passed through the door have all cum over you at least twice. Your face is covered in a white mask of cum, your eyes are stuck shut, and your hair is a mess – a lovely dirty sex mess. The rest of your body is little different, streams of cum run down your tits, down to your pussy, still stretched around your rubber cock. The bed you rest on is cum stained too, a trophy of the afternoons work. 

There is one more act I need to put you through – one last photo to take. "That's all slut, you have worn everyone out". You whimper in disappointment, wanting more cock, more cum. "You do have more cum to drink though slut, in that bowl you are holding". 

You had almost forgotten about the cold glass bowl I had you hold, and now you realise what it was there for. You cannot even open your cum crusted eyes, but what you cannot see is that the bowl is about a third full of the mixed cum of all the strangers who have used you, probably nearly a third of a pint of still warm sticky cum. 

I watch in awe, through the lens of my camera, taking picture after picture, as you bring the container to your lips, open your mouth wide, and start to pour the mixture into your mouth, letting it run down your tongue, filling your mouth with the cum you need. You swallow and swallow, almost choking, as it spill down over you, filling your nose, making it hard to breath, but still swallowing, filling your belly. 

Too soon you have eaten you fill, and you greedily lick the bowl out, needing every last drop. 

"Well done my slut" I congratulate you, "We need to get back to get these pictures up on the net for every to see!" 

... 

I spent the rest of the afternoon uploading the images I had taken of my bukkake slut onto the internet, and called her over to view the pages that showed her naked sluts body dripping in strangers cum. 

"Look slut, look at the comments we are already receiving, they seem to especially like the ones of you drinking cum from a bowl" I proudly told her, stroking her hair to show my appreciation. 

"Oh god, look at me master, don't I look a whore?" she asked, a shiver running through her body, showing me how she appreciated the moments I captured. 

"A whore who loves her job so much she doesn't charge" I laughed, pulling my slut down to her knees so I could kiss her hard, tongue pushing deep into the mouth only hours before had been sucking down cum as if it was the only nourishment she longed for. 

She responded eagerly, her body ready for more excitement, my kisses heating up her loins once more, a feeling she knew she could not, and did not want to fight. As I knew that I only had a short time before my next planned session, I let myself get carried away. My rough hands took hold of her blouse, and pulling apart with all my might, I tore at the material, buttons flying away, the shocking sound of fabric ripping filling the room. 

Surprised, my slut moved to stop me, so I grabbed her by the throat, pushing her down to the floor, slapping her left breast hard to inflict the sensual pain she so loves. My sluts eyes went wide, with pain and pleasure, her soul loving the rough treatment I was using on her. 

"I'm sorry master, please forgive me, I have been bad, and you should punish me" she gasped, slightly out of breath from the suddenness of my move and from the fingers around her delicate throat. 

"Oh I will slut, I'm going to rip your nasty cunt and arse open for that" I promised, pulling her mouth open with my fingers, I spat into her mouth, my fingers rubbing my saliva around her open orifice, stuffing four fingers inside, making her gag. As if in answer, she licks and sucks my fingers, moaning as if she was getting the cock she needs. I knew full well that anything stuffed into her three holes turned her on, and the rougher and more degrading the abuse, the wetter her cunt became.  

===

I knew I needed to get my slut ready, so forced her up onto her feet, dragging her by her hair into the bedroom. I stopped only once, to rip her skirt from her, before pinning her down on the bed, using all my weight to hold her still, my crotch pushing against her face, my own mouth close to her ripe pussy. 

Being pinned helpless drove my slut wild, and she tried to grind her thighs together to stimulate her clit, and I allowed her to try and lick my growing bulge, the slut trying to get to my cock and balls through my clothes. "Just wait one second my slut, then you can have what you want. Now don't you dare move" I warned her, getting up off her to pull some key items I had placed in a bedside drawer. 

I knew my sluts eyes were focused on the leather restraints I had bought especially for the occasion, steel buckles shining brightly. She was panting heavily now, an animal that needed to be bound. I didn't resist long, grabbing her arms I tightly secured each one to the wrought iron headboard, not being gentle as I restrained her. Next I connected the longer leather shackles to each ankle, then spreading her legs as wide as her tendons would allow, I opened her up, tying off the restraints so that she was completely vulnerable. 

My slut's eyes were wide, following me around the room, as I retrieved yet another item, a very special gag. The leather strap was nothing unusual, but that wasn't what drew the eye, oh no, it was the fact it was a gag in the shape of a cock, at least 6 inches long. As I approached, my slut started trying to strain against my handiwork, obviously scared by what I had in mind. 

"Don't fight it slut, you know you'll love the feeling of all this cock down your throat" I cooed, stroking my sluts face to reassure her. "Let's make this taste better for you" I whispered, running the rubber cock down her body, bringing goosebumps out on her skin. Using my free hand I spread the blood engorged outer pussy lips apart, revealing my sluts inner charms. I could see the wetness glistening on her pink insides, giving away her excitement. 

"You fucking slut, you want more don't you" I cried, as I rammed the 'gag' home, pushing it with all my might rudely into her cunt, making her cry out at the sudden invasion. I had to twist it from side to side to force every last inch of it inside, and I enjoyed hearing her moan loudly as I used her, stretching her open. I started to fuck her roughly with the toy, watching her grind back against it, getting into the violation, begging me to fuck her harder and harder. Just as she starts to tense, I pull it completely out, the air popping as I did so, and I could see her pussy gaping open, letting me see deeply inside. "Stop your whimpering slut, I didn't say you would cum yet" I told her, knowing that she'd cum much harder for having to wait. 

"Please master.. please" she begged, obscenely fucking the air with her wanton crutch. 

"Let's shut that filthy mouth up for now" I informed her, and with those words I pushed the dildo gag, now shining with her pussy juice, deep into her mouth, so she could taste herself on it. I pushed firmly but slowly, allowing her to adjust to the size, tilting her head back so it could push down inside her throat. I kissed and licked down her neck, admiring her ability to take the cock all the way down. I could feel her shudder as I did so, her nostrils flaring as she breathed deeply through her nose. 

The sound of the doorbell brought me back to reality, and I laughed as I saw her head jerk around wildly, wondering what else I had in store for her. 

"Wait here slut, that should be a friend of mine. Oh dear, I don't think you're going anywhere are you?" I laughed, casually pinching one of her nipples as I got up to rush downstairs. 

The slut laid in the bedroom in the semi dark, trying to adjust to the invasive feeling of the dildo gag stretching her jaw. She knew that her master had more dirty plans for her, and that by trusting and giving into them completely, she would receive even more pleasure. She was well aware of the fluid leaking down her thighs gave away her excitement, and the men would smell her sex when they entered the room. 

"She's upstairs and ready for us, just as I promised. Remember; don't hold back, she wants it full on, as dirty as you've ever dreamed. The rule is; no limits" I told my new partner in crime. Mark's face broke into a huge grin, he'd been amazed by my stories of my personal slut for months, and had begged me to join in a session. 

I led the way upstairs in silence, nothing more really needing to be said. I knew Mark would be a little nervous, it's not often that you get to use a real life fuck toy. Even with the warning he still gasped as he entered the bedroom, his eyes taking in the scene of a naked whore tied spread-eagle on the bed, unable to speak because of the gag forced between her lips. 

I motioned him to take a position the other side of her, both of us kneeling above her body, our hands sliding up a thigh each, reaching her open pussy at the same time. As we both slid a finger inside her hotness, she arched her back, moaning with desire, her pussy needing the attention it suddenly was receiving. 

We both started to finger fuck her, adding a second finger each as she opened up. "Pull her open" I suggest, wanting to see how wide her pussy could open up. I leave him to it, using four fingers to pull her pussy lips open, licking at her clit. While he attacked her, I got the last toy from the drawers, something quite special that took me some time to find. 

"What's that?" my helper asked me, staring at the cold stainless steel metal 'device' I had in my hands. 

"It's a speculum, and it's going to help us open her up properly!" I crowed, knowing that is will get my slut so hot, to be opened up in front of me and a stranger. I took a small bottle of lube, and started to smear it on the two curved metal 'prongs' of the medical device while Mark continued to finger and lick at her pussy, obviously enjoying her taste. 

I motioned him out of the way when I was ready, getting him to help me ease the speculum into our prize. As I slid the tip slowly inside, I watched my slut buck on the bed, her pussy trying to contract around the metal. 

"Don't worry slut, I'm sure it'll warm up very soon" I promise, as we finally get it all the way home. "I think it's time you introduced yourself to this slut properly Mark" I hinted, pointing towards my sluts face. 

Mark didn't need a second offer, stripping naked as quickly as he could, he took his already hard cock in his hand and moved to sit astride the sluts face. As he fumbled with the gag's buckle I started to turn the device's thumbscrew, which in turn started to open the two sides very slowly wider. 

Mark managed to pull the gag out of her mouth, letting her saliva stream from it over her face and tits, and she let out a guttural moan, the toy inside her obviously already getting her so hot. Mark didn't give her any time to regain her breath, as taking hold her head he thrusts forward, burying his steaming cock into her fuck toy mouth. She savoured his real meat, and I could hear suckling sounds as she took every inch he had. 

"Fuck yes she knows how to suck cock" he cried, not quite believing the sensations of being buried deep in her throat, feeling her tongue lap at the underside of his balls. "That's it slut, suck it all down" he ordered, getting into it finally. Rather than let her suck him at her pace, he started to hold her head still, and fuck her deep and hard, letting his balls squash against her wet chin. 

I turned away from this erotic sight to continue opening her up. The speculum in my hand already felt warm to the touch, absorbing the heat of her tight fuck hole. "Yes slut, can you feel your pussy being opened up? It's pulling your pussy open, I can see inside" I taunted her, knowing that she would love to see the view I had before me. I kept turning the screw, metal pulling her skin taunt, a gaping hole growing for me to look in, looking angry and red with inflamed passion. 

Mark pulled his cock from her mouth, giving her time to scream, as she felt her pussy being stretched past anything she had experienced before, but it was still not enough. "Let me see" he pleaded, turning around to squat over my sluts face, rubbing his balls over her face, letting her suck them in past her lips. "Oh man, she's wide open, what a fucking slut" he complimented, wanking his hot sweating shaft as his eyes are focused on the cunt open before us. 

Leaving her open and exposed, I quickly freed my own cock, feeling the cum already boiling in my balls. Wanking hard I moved forward, so I could see and smell her more closely, and collecting saliva in my mouth I spat into her opening, adding to the wetness. Muffled cries came from the slut, and we both know she loved this added degradation. Laughing, Mark jumped up to come and join me attack her pussy, taking turns to spit deeply inside her. We marvel at how wide her cunt is gaping open for us, and rubbed our fingers around her sensitive lips, sliding in side to rub the combined juices into her pussy walls. 

I watched my slut buck madly, knowing that she was getting closer and closer to cumming, the afternoon's activities had driven her wild. Once again, I hand found and unlocked her hidden dark desires. Her juices had puddled on the bed, soaking the sheets, and our fingers were soon coated in her sticky sweetness. We took turns rubbing her swollen clit, never stopping our own wanking, bringing us closer to relief. 

"Fuck I'm going to cum soon" Mark warned me, obviously wanting to know where he should cum. 

""Spunk into her dirty cunt" I urged him, panting myself with effort and excitement. My slut writhed with my words, loving the way I was talking about her, degrading her even more. She didn't have to wait long, as Mark stepped forward, his hand a blur on his cock, the sound of wet skin sliding up and down clearly audible. He grunted with the effort, pointing his tip towards the gaping entrance, sweat tricking down his brow. 

My slut's orgasm started the second she felt the first splash of cum touch her deep down inside her pussy, firing deep down towards her cervix. Rope after rope of thick white cum sprayed her insides, some escaping to drop over her belly. 

I had to push a stunned Mark out of the way as my own orgasm built, and just in time I looked down into the already cum messed pussy before me, the dirty sight driving me over the edge, wanking my cock hard I exploded into her, every drop of cum forcing itself out of my balls into her opening, the metal shining as it held her open for my assault. He fuck hole filled with cum, rivers of white against the pinkness inside. My legs were still trembling from the effort as I mounted the bed to wipe my cum stained cock through her hair, cleaning myself on my thoroughly pleasured slut. 

I didn't even notice Mark make his leave, as I was gently removing the metal device from my tortured sluts slit. 

.... 

It had been some months since I had seen my slut again, my 'normal' life with my wife continued, work, friends, and relaxing all taking my time. As the time passed, my body yearned for the excitement and power it felt when with my cum slut, and I knew I needed to unleash that pent up sexual energy soon, as I felt fit to burst. 

We had enjoyed several sessions online, using the messenger software to continue to swap fantasies, and it allowed me to continue to dominate her over the distance that separated us. It wasn't the same though, and we both described in detail how we needed to touch, taste, and experience each others flesh once more. 

Luckily work intervened, sending me away on a conference in the same city that my dear slut lived in. As it was over two days, they were paying for a hotel room, and I jumped at the change. While it was a rush, nothing would stop us meeting again, and using every minute to push out sexual limits once more. I had another plan, and I knew it would perfectly allow me to use my slut in every way I dare wish, and give her the pleasure, pain, and degradation she so craves to feed her aching cunt. We both knew that if she could, she would lay naked in the street and let every stranger fuck her till she was a sticky mess, till she was ripped open from so much hard cock sliding into her. 

We met in the hotel bar, I had told her to dress slutty, but treat me just as an acquaintance, a little role play to spice things up. I could see other men's eyes eating up her exposed flesh, especially when she leaned over at the bar, her short slut skirt riding up her arse. 

My slut knows exactly what she is doing, driving me wild, drinking only from bottles or straws, letting her tongue play with them, pulling the bottles obscenely deeply into her mouth when taking a drink. Oh god yes I could just image that mouth taking my cock once again. 

The talk was all simple, the weather, work, nothing sexual at all, which is all part of the game we were playing. A game that involves my slut crossing and uncrossing her legs, to draw all eyes to the fact her pussy, a freshly shaven pussy at my order, is on display, a completely slutty act in this public place. The other men in the hotel bar probably thought she was a prostitute, hoping that I would not use her services, and they could fuck that obviously wet slit. 

At a signal from me, we got up and moved to the lift, and luckily were are the only ones in it. I moved in close, trying to kiss her, but she coyly pushed me away, again all part of my orders. I had told her to act slutty until I make a move, then pull back, acting like the ultimate cock tease. When the doors opened I tried again to kiss her, and again she pulled away, giggling as she skipped out of the lift doors. 

My room wasn't far from the lift, and as I could see no-one about, I put my real plan into action. The plan I hadn't completely shared with my slut to this point. I rushed up behind her, putting my arm around her neck, my other hand bringing her right arm back behind her back, pinning it firmly so she couldn't use it. I moved my head close to hers, and whispered into her delicate ear "You're fucking mine now slut, no more teasing" I hissed, pushing her in front of me. Apart from a brief whimper of surprise, and some token struggling, I know my slut approves of the new twist, and she lets me rush her into the room, the door making a sharp click as I lock it behind me. 

Once we are in private, the role play started for real, with no one to see or hear. Shaking she realised that she was a cock tease who was about to be forced to follow through. "Please no, please don't hurt me, please don't fuck me" she pleaded, eyes wide with fear and excitement. 

"Don't worry whore." I grinned at her, as my fingers weaved into her hair, dragging he face down close to mine so I could look into her eyes. "I'm going to do far more than just fuck you" I laughed, dragging her across the room as I did. Her token struggles got weaker as I pinned her down onto the big double bed. My fingers quickly ripping her clothes from her, tearing material when it took too long. I held her face down into the bedspread muffling her cries as I pulled her skirt down, dragging it roughly off her legs. Holding her down, allowing her only to breath, I spanked her arse, my hand leaving red impressions as I slapped down hard, first one cheek, then another. The sluts cries slowly turned into panting, as her sexual need started overcoming her pain and surprise. 

I wanted her looking and feeling more vulnerable, so she felt completely helpless, so I used her thin blouse to do just that, tying her hands behind her back, her face and shoulders pushed down onto the bed, her arse pulled up, knees spread, so I could have full access to her pussy and the tight rosebud of her anus. Now we both knew the real fun would begin. 

"Look at your pussy, you fucking slut" I shouted, as I roughly shoved a couple of fingers into her already soaking slit. "You're soaking wet, which means you're a whore who wants to be forced, aren't you?" using her own excitement to degrade her, my fingers twisting inside her, making her body shake from the violation. 

I realised she obviously wanted to be punished and pushed further, because she made no attempt at an answer. I pulled my fingers out of her pussy, and then shocked her by slapping down hard between her legs, my fingers almost tearing into her outer pussy lips, clipping her clit hard. This made her cry and groan out loud, but again no words were uttered. So again and again I spanked her pussy, my free hand grabbing her hair, pulling hard, drawing her head up, making her back arch even more. I revelled in the power I had, watching her body react, the groans coming from her lips. 

"I'm going to rip your cunt and arse open slut, and you're going to beg for more, aren't you?" I demanded again, this time my wet fingers slid into her anus, again twisting and turning as I fucked them hard in and out, feeling the heat that this tightest of holes can generate. I took her lack of any answer as a urging to go on, continue her rough taking. There would be no lubes or oils, the arse fucking would be rough and dirty. 

I slid my fingers out of her opening arse hole, and cleaned then by rubbing then through my sluts hair, knowing that this would send shivers throughout her body. "Now get my fucking cock wet slut, get it ready to fuck your dirty little arsehole." I ordered her, moving on the bed so I could spread my legs and offer her face my crotch. When she made no move towards me, I again grabbed her hair, yanking her face up so her eyes were level with the tip of my cock. Her breath was ragged as I rubbed her face over my cock, letting trails of pre-cum streak slippery paths over her soft pale skin. Knowing it was futile to resist, my slut opened her lips, letting her tongue snake out to taste me. "That's it slut, get me very wet". 

Her tentative licks up and down my shaft were not enough for me, she wasn't showing enough enthusiasm for the job at hand, so I knew she wanted me to force her to do a better job. I put my hands under her chin, and raised her face up to look at me, her cheeks flushed with desire and effort. I admired her pretty face for a second, then collecting saliva in my mouth I spat down onto her face, wetting one side of her face, to degrade her further and let her know who had the power in this situation "now fucking suck it whore" I shouted, pushing her head down hard on my shaft, I lifted my thighs to impale her face on my prick. I controlled the pace, ramming her head down hard, forcing my cock deeper each time, until it reached the back of her throat. Once I felt my cock sliding down into her throat, I held her head still, feeling her try and breath around me, choking her on my cock. When I let her pull away, streams of saliva dripped down my cock covering my balls. "Lick that up slut" I demanded, again forcing her head where I wanted, using her for my ultimate pleasure. I half let her lick, half just rubbed her face over my balls, enjoying feeling her tongue eagerly lick my sensitive sack. 

I felt it was time to use her tightest tight fuck hole, my cock now soaking and rock hard. I pushed my whore's face back down onto the bed, and grabbed her thighs, pulling them apart, my fingers biting into the flesh. "Open up slut" I growled to her, slapping her inner thighs to encourage her to stretch wider. She whimpered submissively, her body trembling, but she still shifted her knees on the bed, so her legs could spread more, giving me full access to her charms. 

I stripped quickly, watching her laying head down arse up, enjoying making her wait, her body quivering with nervous excitement, arse still red from the spanking. I again rushed her, taking her by surprise, my rough fingers groping and squeezing the cheeks of her arse, pulling the wide open, using my tongue to tease her puckered hole. My oral assault on her arse was hard and fast, as I used the full length of my tensed tongue to probe and fuck her arse, making her gasp. I slid my fingers up her thighs, and when I reached her dripping hot pussy I rubbed hard, circling her clit, spreading her lips, then forcing fingers deep inside, pumping in and out, sawing into her depths.  

===

"yess.. yes, yes" she murmured, in time with my tongue invading her arse, and fingers sliding, rubbing, screwing in her velvet folds. Finally her mind could no longer keep up the pretence, she was mine and she knew it. I was using four fingers, squeezing and stretching their way inside her, the fine pink skin of her pussy stretching around my knuckles, her breath gasping at the ferocity of my finger fucking. I pulled her arse open with my other hand, letting me spit more saliva into her relaxing arse, preparing it for a hard fuck. 

I was ready, and I pulled my fingers from her hungry cunt, to hear her moan in disappointment, the fire in her pussy needing more. Reaching around I pushed my slippery sex smelling fingers to her face, rubbing the juices over her lips, forcing fingers into her mouth, where she sucked greedily. "Taste yourself cunt, suck off all your juices" I urged, my body now pushing down on her, my cock now nestled in between her splayed arse. She was so nasty, sucking and licking, enjoying the tastes and smell of sex. 

Taking my blood engorged cock in hand, I guided it to her back passage, now wet and ready. I didn't want to take my time, I could feel the cum in my balls, so once I had lined up, I pushed forwards from the hips, cock bursting into her bowels, rudely invading her dirty place. 

"Fuuucckkk" she screamed, tears welling up in her eyes, body being abused by my animal ferocity. "please, please..." she called, as I pulled back so my cock almost left her body, only to ram home once again, this time all my cock sliding inside, my balls were pressed up against her cheeks. 

"What is it slut? Is my big hard cock ripping your arse open. You know you want it. Don't you?" I shouted, carried away with the feelings of power and the exquisite heat enveloping my cock as I pounded her arse, thrust after thrust pushing into her. 

My sluts body shock with the force, breasts rocking back and forth, her breathing coming in ragged breaths, faster and faster, eyes rolling back up into her head. I knew she was close to cumming, the intense pain and pleasure, driving her crazy. I could feel the muscles in her arse tightening, squeezing my shaft. I used her hair as a hand hold, pulling her head back, riding her like an animal, both of us panting now, sweat slick down our bodies. I reached back around and grabbed her left breast, squeezing it so hard, twisting mercilessly, bringing more tears to her eyes, more electric shocks through her body, her cunt and arse contracting and bringing me closer to orgasm. 

As I felt the heat build, the cum filling my cock, pushed all my weight down on her, collapsing us both down, sweaty bodies sliding together, my mouth uttering filthy words into her ear, my teeth nipping at her neck. With a shuddering climax I started to cum inside her, my cock convulsing, spewing spunk into her, filling her bowels with my cream. Again and again I felt the eruptions, her insides burning my cock with their heat. For several minutes I could not move, catching my breath and enjoying the feeling of my cock sliding inside her slippery arse. But there was something more I wanted, something more to degrade the slut I just used so thoroughly. I could not let her rest for long, there were far more things I wanted to do to her before we could sleep. Grabbing an arm I pulled her over to face me, seeing her hair plastered to her face, eyes still half glazed in lust. Moving up her I ordered her to open her slut mouth, and taking my slimy cock, I forced it inside her mouth, making her suck me, tasting her musky insides and my cum covered cock. She looked up into her masters eyes as she obediently cleaned me, her whore mouth doing it's dirty work. 

... 

I hope you enjoyed this very dirty story - all inspired by a slut i know and use ;-) 

I'm always happy to hear from women who are excited by some of what they read.  

===

I was so exciting, after what seemed like far too long, I was again going to meet, and use, my more than willing slut. To my good fortune, a training course had been booked, which required a four night stay in a hotel, to which I indented to make very good use. I can remember the excitement shared with my slut when I told her over our internet chat that we would be able to cum together again, for nights of filthy pleasure. 

We again had worked ourselves into a highly aroused state, by chatting online, sharing more fantasies, telling each other of our need to act out our deepest and darkest sexual urges. More than once I had stroked myself to orgasm, as my slut described how she wanted me to use her beyond any limits, and give herself completely, and to debase herself before me, her master. All this had to be done in secret, as I am married to a loving yet sexually 'vanilla' wife, and she would be shocked to the core if I tried to bring her into the world of hot and hardcore sex I enjoyed online, and in person with a very select few. 

Far too slowly the time came for me to board my train for London, a small adventure itself to find the hotel I had booked for my time away. I could hardly even think about the real reason for my time away, a boring yet essential course for work, no, my mind was on far more interesting things. 

We had arranged to meet in Kings cross station, in the pub off the main platforms, so I bought a beer and waiting while watching the sport on the television. While I waited patiently, I looked around at the strangers, wondering if any of them were doing anything as exciting as I was that day. The smile was still on my lips as my lover walked in wheeling her travel case behind her. A smile, and a small peck on the lips later, we were heading towards the underground, just chatting about our journeys, the weather, and other small talk, both holding back for as long as possible, putting on such a normal appearance. 

After the normal hot and sticky tube ride, we came out in one of London's less exciting areas, and I was happy the walk to the hotel was not a long one. The hotel seemed better inside than the road it was on would suggest, and it was with renewed excitement we took the lift up to our room. After some problems with the lock (the delay was torture), we finally entered our new den of sin, happy to be able to drop our heavy bags. 

I decided to make my slut wait just a little longer for what she needed, so made her endure my usual tour of the room's facilities. While I watched my slut check the view out of the window, I walked over to her, deciding it was time to start the fun. Reaching out to her, I pushed her against the wall, moving my body in close, so to pin her against the cold plaster, while my mouth joined hers, our mouths opening hungrily to kiss each other with all the passion we felt. Our tongues explored each others mouths once again, lips sliding together, our frenzied kissing getting hotter and hotter every second, moaning as we kissed, the heat already building in our bodies like a sexual fever. 

My hands explored while we continued to kiss, fingers pulling up her skirt, palms sliding upwards, feeling the skin of her thighs, continuing up to reach her naked pussy, already soaking wet in anticipation. "No knickers slut?" I asked while kissing down her neck, sending shivers down her spine. 

"Of course not master, just as you commanded," she replied, opening her legs to allow my fingers access to explore her folds, obscenely grinding against my hand. "You know I'll do anything for you master, anything!" she emphasised, ensuring I knew just how far she wanted me to go in my complete use and domination of her body and mind. 

That was all the encouragement I needed, and I was almost shaking with excitement as I guided my slut to the large king-size bed, pushing her on and down. Looking into her eyes I removed my trousers and slid down my underwear, letting my rock hard cock jump out, already dripping with sticky pre-cum. I needed to feel my cock in her talented and so cock hungry mouth, so I knelt astride her face, grabbing her hair so I could control the face fuck. I looked down so I could watch her lips open, tongue straining to reach my cock, a cock burning with anticipation, balls bursting with cum. I have my slut what she wanted, the first or many tastes, sliding the blood engorged meat into her mouth, pushing down, past her lips, sliding down her tongue, till the head hit the back of her mouth, trying to push down deeper, into her throat, holding it their to savour the sweet feeling, then pulling back so she could suck and lick. My dirty slut purred as she sucked me, licking up and down, letting her face get messy as the saliva dripped back down over her. My cock was all she could smell, taste, and feel, and I know she loved every second. 

"That's it slut, suck it all down, eat me you nasty whore. I'm going to fuck you so hard this week, fuck every hole," I told her, describing every nasty act I wanted to perform, every word working her up a little more, building her excitement. Like all good sluts, she got off on not only the dirty sex, but also the degradation, the enjoyment of being used, and of her status of whore, slut, fuck toy being confirmed by her loving master. 

We started to make the blow job messier, that little bit more nasty. I pulled my cock from her slut mouth, rubbing its length over her face, telling her to suck on my balls, lick the sweat from my crotch. I rubbed up and down her face, even pushing my arse towards her mouth, knowing she would keep licking, keep sucking. As her excitement and hunger grew, my own actions got wilder, driven on by the sexual energy, and the sun warming the room, making our own heat build. I pulled my sluts tits from her top, pinching on her hardening nipples as I drove my cock deep into her mouth, starting to get into a fucking motion, fucking her mouth like it was a cunt, making her gag and grunt like a fuck pig. 

"You're such a nasty slut aren't you?" I demanded, as I abused her tits harder and harder. 

"Yes master, I need to be used," she panted in reply, "please slap me, hurt my tits," she pleaded, begging me to do what we had described in many online sessions. 

In time with my thrusts into her slut mouth I slapped, stinging slaps down and across her breasts, catching her nipples, leaving red hand prints on her delicate flesh. I was rewarded with muffled cries around my cock, and a body stretching and writhing below me. Each blow brought my slut the pain she craved, rewarding me with renewed sucking and licking, slurping down the mixture of saliva and pre-cum, letting it stream down over her chin. As I felt my orgasm near, I moved to lay back, pulling my slut with me, so she could now give, rather than just be taken. Her skilful hands rubbed up and down my slick cock, focusing her touch on my sensitive glans, spitting into her palm then rubbing the very swollen and shiny end of my prick in circular motions, sending intense feelings down to my spine. 

"Oh god slut that feels so good, I'm getting so close. You want to eat my cum don't you? Want to drink every drop?" I managed to gasp, becoming overcome with the sensations. Grabbing at her dark hair, I pulled her face down again hard onto my cock, pushing her down, forcing each inch of my flesh into her mouth, making her gag, producing even more saliva to run down over my balls. I start using her face, pushing down, using her face like a cheap fuck toy, not caring if she chokes. "Suck it, suck it," I nearly scream, building closer, closer, sensation overwhelming, the cum of many days abstinence ready to burst from my body. My slut knows I'm about to explode, and eager to taste cum, wanks my shaft while holding only the head in her lips, tongue swirling around the head. Her other hand slides under my arse, quickly finding my puckered anus, invading my own secret hole with a finger, pushing me over the edge. "Oh fuck!" I cry, as I can hold back no longer, sticky hot white cum pumping from my cock, splattering her teeth and tongue with the first jets. My dirty slut now wants to swallow, now she has had her first salty mouthful, so pulls my cock into her greedy slut mouth deeper, sucking so her cheeks hollow, drinking my dirty gift. 

Spunk leaks out, so much erupting from my dick, running down her face, like two little rivers down her chin, marking her out as the cum eating slut she is. "Mmm that taste so good master," she purrs at me, lifting her face so I can see my cum covering her face, and opening her mouth to show me the last traces of her first cum meal. 

"Wow that was amazing, I so needed that slut," I grinned back, running my fingers over her chin collecting some of my seed, then forcing my fingers roughly back into her mouth, forcing her to lick them clean. Letting the sight of my cum covered slut re-build my excitement, I knew it was time to reward her for such a good performance, which meant using her more, using her rougher, and increasing her degradation. 

"You nasty little whore, you want more cum don't you, you want all the cum you can swallow, filling that fuck pig belly of yours," I growled, jerking her head back roughly, I spat onto her face, making her gasp at the sudden and dirty attack. "What toys have you brought with you whore, show me what I have to stuff into your insatiable cunt!" 

With a mischievous grin of pure expectancy, my slut jumped from the bed, cum and spit still coating her face. I could smell the excitement from her hot pussy, her wetness already dripping down her thighs. Out from her overnight bag appeared many devious toys; rampant rabbit vibrator, a long thick realistic dildo, a blow up dildo with small pump, butt plug, and her favourite, a cold, stainless steel speculum. Joining those was a tube of lube, an essential for the upcoming play. 

"You're such a dirty slut aren't you, bringing all these nasty toys for me to fuck you with." I laughed, taking the soft belt from a hotel dressing gown, beckoning the slut to lay down on the bed. Making sure she knew who was in charge, I pushed her roughly down to the bed, raising her arms above her head, making her breasts push out, begging for attention. Before I touched her body, I had to prepare her, ensuring she felt helpless for the next assault. While I firmly tied her hands above her head, I continued the mind games, "I'm going to rip open your cunt whore, I'm going to stuff it so full you'll feel it pull you apart." I promised, pulling her mouth open with my fingers, to spit more saliva into her wide open mouth, then sliding my tongue deep inside, enjoying the feeling of power as I pinned her to the bed, feeling her respond with her hot kisses. 

I traced my tongue down her neck, licking and sucking, dragging her head back to expose more of her soft throat for me to taste. My hands we massaging her breasts, pushing them up, squeezing hard, twisting the nipples, making them hard, tempting me to lick and suck on them. The slut started to try and grind her pussy against my leg, as I attacked her breasts with my mouth, sucking as much of each into my mouth as I could, biting at her nipples, marking them with teeth marks. I could feel the slick heat of her cunt as it rubbed against me, dry humping me in her excitement. Again and again I spat on her tits, then licking and rubbing my face against their wet softness. 

Sliding further down her aching body, I licked my way down, leaving a wet slippery path down her belly, until I reached just above her pubes. "We will have to shave you soon slut, I think I'll have my slut completely shaved next time we meet," I told her, knowing that her need of my cock will ensure she complies with my wishes. 

Taking up the as yet soft and floppy inflatable cock, I opened the lube and started to coat its rubber surface, looking into my helpless sluts eyes as I did so, an evil smile on my lips. "Lets see just how much cock your cunt can take shall we my cum slut?" her only answer was a whimper, and an involuntary opening of her thighs, letting me see her glistening folds. Squeezing the bulb of the pump I semi inflated the dildo, just enough to firm it up, allowing me to rub her pussy up and down with its very slick tip. "Want it slut? Do you want it this up inside you, fucking your dirty cunt?" I demanded, teasing her clit with her toy. 

"Yes master," she replied, "rip your cunt open, please master, use your cunt however you want to." 

Egged on by her dirty words, I opened her up with one hand, the other guiding the black inflatable cock inside her, slipping in easily with the lube and her own flowing juices, stuffing her hole with the semi rigid cock. "Now let us see how wide I can open you up my slut," I told her, starting to squeeze the rubber ball in my hand, which pumped air into the slowly expanding rubber embedded inside her. "Open those slutty legs wider bitch," I growled, wanting to see more as I stretched her open. Complying completely, she raised her knees closer to her chest, opening them wider, so making her pussy open up a little more to my intense stare. Leaning forward, I spat onto her cunt, aiming for her red clit, covering it with my saliva. Now that I was nice and wet I started to rub small circles over it with my free hand, starting slowly, enjoying the sight of my slut grinding herself back against me, moaning with the pleasure of my touch, and the feeling of the expanding dildo inside her. 

Pumping more and more air in, I had to keep forcing the base of the expanding cock inside, the toy already as wide as the biggest cock she will have ever taken. "You like it don't you cunt, you nasty little slut. Can you feel it stretching you? I know you want more in that dirty nasty cunt of yours, don't you?" I teased, making her beg for more before pumping yet more air in, starting to stretch the rubber, stretching her pussy lips several inches across now. I could only imagine how full her pussy must feel, the huge cock now stretching her open, invading her so deep. 

A couple more squeezes and I knew I was reaching her limits, "Oh god.. oh god… stop, stop." She gasped, back arching, body shuddering from the pleasure and pain. Wanting to take her over the edge, I leaned in, breathing in the moist humid smell of her sex. My tongue darted out to lick and tease her clit, lapping hard, while pushed against the dildo, forcing in the inch that had escaped as it grew and opened her up. I could feel her body tense, her voice lost, only gasps now escaping her lips, her body covered in sweat from the effort of being stretched to her limits. 

I opened my mouth, taking her clit in between my lips, sucking, nibbling, driving my slut crazy, bringing her closer and closer, blood engorging her clit, enhancing the feelings of my mouth sucking hard, licking biting. Wanting to take her past her limits, I pumped more air, again and again, stretching her pussy beyond anything she had ever taken, almost ripping her insides open, making her cry out, screaming, bucking violently against the bed. I pulled back to watch her intense orgasm, rubbing her clit furiously with my fingers, roughly frigging her, making her explode, pussy trying to contract against the invasion of the enormous cock inside her, the extreme fullness making her orgasm build past the norm, finally exploding causing her whole body to shake, her breath coming out in ragged gasps. 

As she started to come down from her high, I pulled the air hose from the rubber cock, pulling the dildo roughly from her, leaving her cunt gaping wide, red raw, and so wet, almost as if she's gushed piss as she came. "I can see right inside your cunt, my cunt, my cunt to use." I told her, knowing she loved to gape open, to have me look inside. I knew what she'd love me to do, so leaning close again, I held her lips open again, and spat deep inside her, using my fingers to rub it around her insides, amazed at how hot her muscles felt, enjoying her little whimpers as I explored her open twat. 

"Later I'm going to really fill that pussy of your slut," I grinned, promising more dirty fun to come… 

** ---- ** 

More to cum, please let me know if you've enjoyed this continuation. You may be excited to know it's based very much on reality. D.G.  

===

After initial fun with my slut, I found myself resting on the bed in our shared hotel room, wondering what else we could get up to while I was visiting London. 

"Put some clothes on slut, we're going out." I had made my decision, and knew my slut would not say no. "Don't bother with underwear, and leave that cum drying on your face, so anyone who looks closely can see you're a nasty cum eating slut." I knew that she would love being controlled, and forced to go out with my cum marking her out to strangers, knowing that she was a slut. 

"Yes master," she replied meekly, yet with a wicked grin, feeling the butterflies in her stomach as she imagined what might be in store. 

I dressed quickly, noting with satisfaction that my cunt's blouse was flimsy enough to show off her breasts, putting her on even more display that I had hoped. She knew better than to complain though, putting her trust in her master, to protect her from being raped, if I wished, or at least controlling and conducting the situation if it developed. Her insatiable appetite for cock drove emotions that made her body shiver as she imagined being raped by a gang of men, while her master urged them on to use her more and more. 

As we made ready to leave, I grabbed a small plastic butt plug while my slut's back was turned, and rushing behind her, I slid my arm around her neck, my mouth pushed up against her ear. I whispered very softly, while holding her around her throat, my other hand rubbing the butt plug to her lips, "Open your mouth slut, I want you to get this nice and wet and slippery for me." My cock twitched as she complied, opening her mouth to let me push her butt plug into her mouth, licking and sucking it's musty taste, knowing full well that it had been inside her arse many times, yet still sucking on it like a cheap whore. "That's it, suck that dirty toy slut, and get it wet so I can stuff it in that dirty arse of yours." Once satisfied, I pulled it from her lips with a plop, and pushed her over bent double, so I could get easy access to her puckered star. Adding more spit from my own mouth, I slowly teased the cold plastic inside her, watching her muscles slowly allowing the penetration. As I slide the three inches inside her, I enjoyed watching her open, then suck the body of the plug inside, closing again around the tapering end. Pulling her skirt back down to cover her modesty I slapped her hard on each cheek, making her clench around the toy, gasping in surprise at my stinging slaps. 

"Now you are ready slut, let's go into Soho and see if we can find some fun," I laughed, kissing her quickly on the lips, seemingly two 'normal' lovers going out to explore our surroundings as we stepped from the hotel lobby. 

It was a crisp October evening, and the sun had already set as we walked to get the tube into the centre of London. For those who don't know, Soho is now both a centre of the seedy, and also for trendy bars and clubs. The seedy was our target tonight, stepping off the nearest tube I directed us into the area containing sex shops and adult bookshops. The cold made my sluts nipples harden, obvious through the thin cotton of her clinging blue blouse. I had my arm around her waist, guiding her firmly as we walked, swapping comments on the sights and sounds we passed. "Getting hungry slut?" I asked her, my knowing smile hinting I wasn't talking about food in the normal sense. 

"Yes sir, very hungry," she purred back, licking her lips, showing her master she knew exactly what I was talking about. 

"Hopefully we can fill that belly of your slut," I chuckled, dropping my hand down her back to squeeze her bum through her skirt, "Fill it full of cum. You'd like that wouldn't you?" 

"Mmm yes master, lots and lots of cum for your slut. All for you master, I know you like watching me suck off other men, and you know I'll do ANYTHING for you." She promised with a wicked smile promising even more. 

I looked up to find us outside a larger building, original bright signs now faded, promising hardcore films in a private cinema, and adult toys in it's ground floor shop. "Let's go in here," I suggested, pushing open the blacked out door. Inside was just as the outside promised, run down and seedy, which was just what I was looking for. Shelves full of DVDs and magazines, each one covered in flesh and fucking. 

"Let's have a look around slut," I commanded, leading her to a selection of films themed around gang bangs. I watched as she started selecting titles, her eyes eating up the pictures and descriptions on the packaging. While she was engrossed, I let my own eyes wander around the shop, trying to gauge the clientele current browsing the porn. The main surprise was the woman behind the counter, a fairly young and good looking woman, dressed in a sexy low cut top, sitting behind the serving counter surrounded by sex toys of different sizes and shapes. Everyone else I could spy in the large main room of the emporium of sex were men of different ages, all heads down engrossed, trying not to catch each others eyes as they turned pages in magazines, or fingered through racks of DVDs. 

Leaving my slut to enjoy the large collection of porn, I approached the girl at the till, wondering what made her work in such a place, wondering if she too was a dirty perverted slut. "Hello there, I was wondering where we go to watch the films?" I asked, pointing to my slut, engrossed now in a magazine, quite obviously aroused, grinding her thighs together. 

A knowing smile crossing her lips, she pointed back towards the darker end of the shop away from us, "Far left corner, just follow the signs," she grinned, eyes flicking between me and my slut. "Ten pounds each, spend as long as you want up there. It's not full, but you won't be alone," she said with an obvious question hanging in the air, her eyebrow raised a little. 

"That's fine, thanks a lot." I replied, handing over the money, answering her unasked question with my smile. 

"Well have fun," she giggled, "I know your girlfriend will." I re-assessed my opinion about the attractive girl on the till, knowing now that she was far from an innocent. I wondered how much time she had spent in the private cinema herself, and how much of the shop's stock she had personally enjoyed. Taking the tokens from her manicured fingers, I dragged my slut away from her browsing, pulling her towards the back of the sex shop. 

"Where are we going master?" she asked, face flushed with her excitement, knowing I had something planned for her. 

"Upstairs, we're going to watch a film." I told her, holding the door open for her, playing the gentleman. As she passed, I reached out to unbutton the top two buttons of her blouse, revealing more of her creamy white breasts. 

Reaching the top of the stairs, I handed my tokens over to an old man sitting beside the doors to the cinema area, reading a book in his boredom. I couldn't see anything through the dirty glass of the doors, so pushed on in, my eyes not making much out in the darkness, with only the images on the screen lighting the room. "Let's go near the front," I suggested, wanting to sit where all could see us, and where the screens illumination would reach us that much better. We edged around the room, allowing me to mentally tot up the number of men sitting in the discreet cinema. As we took our seats on the front row, I leaned forwards to whisper, "Nearly twenty perverts in here." Knowing how much that number would scare and excite her. 

In comparison to the cool evening, the room was over warm and humid, smelling a little of sweat, and possibly, if it wasn't my imagination, the slightly acrid smell of sperm. I looked over to my slut, her cheeks still a little flushed, her eyes now taking in the scene unfolding on the screen. Taking her prompt, I let myself watch the film for a little while, and was pleasantly surprised by the hardcore nature of the onscreen sex. An impossibly busty blond model was being fucked very hard by two obviously very well hung black guys, pumping her cunt and arse with their dark meat. 

Dragging my attention away from the film, which was just an interesting diversion, I went back to my plan at hand, that plan being to use my slut, and hopefully have her used by some other men, watching as she gets well and truly fucked. 'Time to start the fun,' I thought to myself, leaning over to again whisper and order into my dirty slut's ear. "Unbutton your blouse slut, I want to see your breasts. Show me, NOW!" I growled, making sure she had no option other than submit. 

I watched her slowly unbutton the remaining fastenings, letting her top fall open, revealing her hard nipples, chest rising and falling as her breathing deepened with her growing humiliation and excitement. I looked around, trying to see if anyone else had noticed the show she was putting on, her white skin seeming to glow with the reflected light shining on it. 

"That's very good, the men are looking at your tits, and they want you slut. Now take off your skirt. Show us your whore's cunt." I ordered, letting my voice get a little louder, so anyone close could hear, even if they couldn't quite see what was happening in front of them. With a little whimper she started to obey, lifting her bottom so she could slide her skirt down her legs, letting it drop on the dirty floor. Sitting there completely naked, I drank in her sluttish beauty, letting me show her off in such a public place, knowing full well how it could soon turn into a nasty perverted gang bang. 

"Play with yourself slut, show me how much you are mine," I urged, now wanting the dirty show to start before me right away. 

"Yes master," she stammered back, eyes fixed on mine, ignoring her surroundings. With nervous shaking hands she started to explore herself, sliding her fingers down her neck, spreading to cup her own breasts, squeezing them up and together, then rolling her nipples between her fingers, squeezing them for me, so they grew hard almost pushing them out towards me, reaching for their master. Throwing her head back, giving herself to the sensations and the act of showing herself to her master, my slut opened her legs, throwing them over the arms of the chair, bring her bum forward on the chair to expose herself to me completely, showing off the end of the butt plug that still protruded from her.. Breathing deeper, she slid her fingers down to her pussy, one hand spreading her outer lips open, revealing the wetness inside. 

Catching some movement in my peripheral vision, I tore my eyes away from my less than private show, and was rewarded by a gathering group of admirers, their eyes transfixed on my slut fingering herself. Even as I watched, more men slid from their seats, to move closer, taking up positions in a semi circle around us, necks craning to see more naked flesh, the hot sex on the screen almost forgotten. Knowing that most of the watchers would still keep a safe distance and watch without some encouragement from me, I slid in front of my slut, and took a surprise from my pocket, two pairs of padded handcuffs. I had prepared two steel pairs of cuffs by wrapping them in satin ribbon, to ease any bruising my slut might inflict on herself has she pulled against her bonds. The cuffs weren't for her hands though, oh no, she would need those to service the many cocks I hoped would be presented to her. Catching her unaware, I pushed her legs as wide as I could, and bound them to the metal of the arm supports, holding her completely open and vulnerable. Her eyes flickered open, and viewing her compromising position, smiled with excitement, knowing her master would protect her, yet ensure her limits would be taken to the edge. 

"Move your hands out of the way slut, I want to taste that pussy," I commanded, dropping to my knees to begin orally worshiping her pussy. Knowing that others eyes were now on her, my slut sucked on her fingers, tasting herself, giving a dirty show for the onlookers. I could feel her heat radiating from her soaking wet pussy, juices already pooling on her chair. Knowing there was no need for a slow start, I rammed my tongue deep inside, brutally tongue fucking her fuck hole, hearing her moan and writhe against her shackles. 

The loud moaning emanating from her slut mouth soon drove the bravest of our audience into action. Moving to the chair behind her, an middle aged gent in a suit that had seen better days took a chance, running his hands down to grasp her breasts, squeezing like only a stranger using a whore could. His rough hands sent sparks through my sluts body, the pain of having her nipples forcibly twisted contrasting with the pleasure my tongue was sending through her cunt. Realising that were we were no longer alone, I pulled back to watch the hands explore her body, extending her breasts as he pulled hard on her nipples. Settling back to enjoy the show, I started to slowly finger her my slut, gently running my two fingers around her sensitive insides, keeping her excitement slowly building. Wanting to show the watchers just how dirty my slut was, and how much she was in my control, I roughly pulled the butt plug from her, now covered in her slime. Sliding it up between her breasts, I rubbed it over her lips, forcing her mouth open, making her gag on it's dirtyness. I could hear a moan from the assembled watchers, and knew my slut loved the pure humiliation of being forced to do such a dirty act. 

With an almost imperceptible nod, I encouraged our first guest to unzip himself, dropping his pants to his ankles, to expose his rock hard cock, dripping with pre-cum. My cock hungry whore could smell his cock before she saw it, and turned her head so she could get to it, her tongue eagerly lapping up the dripping fluids, tasting him. With a moan he pushed forwards, forcing his cock deep into her waiting mouth, enjoying his unexpected blow job from such an obvious experienced cock sucker. "That's it, my cum slut, show the man how you love cock," I goaded, twisting her nipples to enforce my words. I knew talking about her like a piece of meat before these strangers would inflame her passion still further. She could utter no response, and her first new lover had his hands around her head, forcing her down onto his swollen cock. 

Another man moved in beside her to her left, joining me as I took the seat to her right. He must have been at least fifty, and was your typical dirty old man, smoke stained fingers darting out to probe her tight pussy. And so it started, my slut with her legs bound spread wide open, at the mercy of a room full of horny men, hardcore porn flickering on the screen before us, ensuring everyone kept hard waiting their turn to use the slut. 

Deciding it was time my slut started to work for her cum, I turned and unzipped myself taking her hand and placing it on my hot dick. The old stranger to her left got the same idea, and within seconds I was watching her jerk us both off, hands rubbing pre-cum up and down our shafts, while she threw her head back to allow her throat to be raided by her third lover. The shadows around us moved, as men moved closer, to get better views, cocks being released, and slowly stroked as they waited their turns. 

"Someone come and fuck my slut!" I called out, hoping that I could egg the gathering on to further sexual heights. A couple rushed round to do exactly that, the first to arrive was a big heavy set man, a scared ugly sweating face, leering down at my slut. He pulled an amazingly large cock out, only semi hard and growing. 

"Do you want this fat cock slut?" he chuckled, almost drooling over her sweaty body. 

"Mmm ungh," she managed, nodding, while gagging on the cock shoved down her throat. 

"Give it to the slut!" someone called out, and we all laughed, knowing she was going to get that and a lot more before she could leave. I watched as he rubbed his hardening dick up and down her wet slit, getting it coated in her juices, nice and slippery. He pulled her arse towards him another inch, to give him complete access, and then started to push forwards, easing the head of his cock into her fuck hole, grunting as he thrust inside her. As he started to thrust into her, he eased inch after inch into her velvet grip. 

"Fuck she's tight," he grunted through gritted teeth, sweat dripping down his brow. 

"Yeah she's my fuck toy," I answered, proving the point I spat on her, slapping her breasts, to degrade her in front of our 'friends'. 

"Dirty fucking bitch," he continued, driven to fuck her harder, his balls slapping against her arse. 

This scene was too much for the guy fucking her face, and bucking his hips wildly, he started to cum, his cock pumping spunk down her throat. I watched as she tried to swallow it all, filling her belly with his seed. With shaking legs he pulled his cock out, grabbing a handful of hair to wipe the last of his cum from his dick, something I knew she'd love, such a filthy final act. 

"Next!" I shouted, pointing to her cum stained face. "Someone give this cum slut what she needs." 

A younger lad stepped forward, rubbing his balls over her face, stuffing his meat into her like a sex toy. Several more men stepped forwards, wanking hard and fast now, knowing they were about to cum. 

The area around us was now filled with men, cocks out, rubbing against her slut skin, drawing pre-cum trails on her body. My slut's senses were filled with cock, the cock filling her mouth, making her choke, and the huge cock pounding her pussy, and those in her hands, hot and raw, ready to spew hot cum over her tits. With a guttural cry, the big guy fucking her pulled out, leaving her cunt gaping open, and wanked his jerking cock over her belly, ropes of cum pouring out of his fat dick. 

"Yeah cum all over the slut," rang the cries, another man jumping in to fill her wanton cunt. Her body now shock with constant orgasms, excitement building and building, every sense overtaken with lust. Her orgasm wracked her, the total degradation of the chanting sweating men, rubbing their cocks over her, filling her holes, making her nastier and dirtier. 

"Fuck me, fuck me!" she panted, wanting more, wanting to be used and pushed past her limits. 

My own lust was driving me crazy, the cum boiling in my balls, needing release. I spat down on her filthy body, slapping her breasts hard, pinching to leave red marks. Others took their cues, calling her a whore, telling her how they would fuck her arse, rip her open. The man fucking her face pulled out this time, spunking over her face, coating her lips and chin with his thick seed. I rushed forwards to scoop up the spunk, pushing my slimy fingers into her mouth, pushing them deep down inside, making her eat every drop. 

Another cock pushed to her face, and I let it enter her, watching the new sex crazed man slap her face as he roughly used her, holding his hands around her throat to feel his cock head invade her, marvelling at her deep throat abilities. She thrashed in her chair, legs pulling vainly against her shackles, as the guy fucking her had pulled his cock from her cunt, only to ram it into her prepared stretched arse. He fucked her hot forbidden hole ruthlessly, filling her backside to its limits. Other men stepped forwards, no longer to hold back anymore, standing up on tiptoes as their orgasms ran through their bodies, tightening the muscles as the ripples ran through them. It was like my slut was being pissed over, the amount of cum that started to shoot over her body. I lost count as I myself came over her, my hands rubbing all the cum into her tits, and up her throat, rubbing cum covered hands all over her face, smearing her features with the dirty mess. 

The crazed man fucking her arse now swapped back and forth, a couple of rough strokes in her arse, then several deep into her red raw pussy. As he got close to cumming, many hands, lead by mine, pulled her legs up, opening her arse up as far as we could, revealing her red sensitive insides. "Cum in her arse, fill her up!" I urged, knowing she loved having cum fill every hole. The men left around her slapped, pinched, and spat on her nasty body, now covered in all our fluids. I could tell she was cumming again hard, silently screwing her face up as she felt the final man cum into her gaping arse, spewing his hot cum in ribbons over and into her bowls.  

===

Stepping away, the unknown arse fucker grinned and tucked his cock away, nodding to me as he left us. It was the cue for everyone else to melt away back into the darkness, their cocks drained of their lust. I was left with my slut, a nasty fucking mess before me, still writing on her seat, pussy dripping with cum, her face a nasty mask of cum. 

I gently un-cuffed her, massaging her legs to let the blood get flowing again. "Well done my good slut," I rewarded her, gently stroking her cum stained hair. "You have done very well."  

===

I spent the following day in an air conditioned room listening to someone in a suit go and on about their products, while all the time my mind wondered back to my hotel room, imagining the dirty delights that awaited me there. I so enjoyed my stolen time with my slut, pushing both our boundaries, boundaries that would shock and disgust so called 'normal' people. Is anyone really normal? Or do we all have dirty little secrets? Maybe only some of us dare unlock the Pandora's box of our deepest desires, allowing them to break through when we find someone with the key to help us? 

All I know is that my slut had revealed a dark and nasty sexual power within me, which is exactly the master she herself craved – someone willing to use her totally, control, degrade, humiliate, and excite. Giving me pleasure was her life in our sessions together – and giving her pleasure was my reward to her being such a good slut. 

So deep was my daydreaming I hardly noticed that my meeting was up, and our host was packing up for the day. Quickly gathering my things I left the building with far more a spring in my step than when I entered, each step taking me closer to another night of raw pleasure. Tonight we planned to meet in the hotel bar – our toys left up on the hotel room we shared the night before. 

Twenty minutes later, walking against the tide of faceless humanity that is England's capital city at 5:30pm, I reached our hotel, grinning from ear to ear like a silly schoolboy. Well why not, I could again relax properly, first starting in the cocktail bar. Retrieving my key from the reception, I let myself into our room, quickly taking a welcome shower after the grubby sweaty time in the streets of London. Quickly getting changed I left one little item in preparation of our night to come – a fabric belt I had with me, which had 'soft' metal eyelets down its length (not enough to cut.. but enough to add a little spice). 'That is something nice for later' I thought to myself, and headed down to the luxurious bar. 

I spent the next thirty minutes or so sipping cold beers, while playing a game of people watching, enjoying some of the sights – pretty girls showing off more than ample amounts of their carefully waxed legs. More than pretty, but probably not near exciting enough when it came to sex. How many would turn away disgusted at the acts my slut was more than willing to enjoy? Their loss... refused to let completely go in their controlled lives. 

Realising I had a text message, I began to read, my slut was on her way, about time I bought some wine for the two of us then! I chose a light white Pinot Grigio, knowing that my slut had a delicate palette (ok, she's a fussy eater!), and took it back to my table in the essential ice bucket; essential in this hot weather anyway. 

Just in time! My slut appeared while my attention was distracted, pouring myself a generous glass of wine. A short hug in greeting, a small peck on the cheek, hiding our naughtiness for the moment from everyone around us. If only they knew! A married man and his personal fuck toy meeting up for some very less than pure sex. 

We started chatting about our day, drinking freely as we gossiped, and as the wine flowed, so did my tongue. I ordered another bottle, wanting us both more than relaxed before we headed back to the room, using the opportunity to sit closer, letting our legs rub together, my hand sliding down the small of her back, stroking her through the thin material of her blouse. Maybe it was the touch, or the amount of wine, but suddenly the small talk was over, and the main course began. 

Leaning over so she could almost whisper in my ear, my slut looked into my eyes with a mischievous grin; a look I knew meant she was getting horny. "So then," she began, "are you going to fuck my arse tonight?" she asked, her hand finding its way to within a few inches of my suddenly interested cock. She's just such a fucking anal slut.. 

"You'll see," I teased, wanting her to squirm a little. "You're going to drink down more of my cum before the nights out," I promised. "Maybe I'll make you taste your arse on my cock, you know I need to see you do that slut." 

"Mmmm, and maybe you'll make me piss for you too, is that why you are making me drink all this wine?" Damn she was good, turning me on so much she knew I couldn't stay in the bar much longer, not where there was now more fun to be had upstairs. 

Downing the last glass of wine down in one, I nodded with a smile towards the door, and we rushed out, heading to the small lift. I couldn't wait for the doors to shut, just the two of us together again. I pushed her hard against the steel wall of the lift, kissing her so hard our teeth almost ground together, my chest pinning her to the wall. Being only on the third floor, we broke away again almost instantly; stealing those five seconds to ourselves, knowing so much more was to come. 

Entering the room I spied the belt I had left earlier, ready to be put to use. We wasted no time, clothes near falling off us being left discard on the floor. I grabbed the slut's hair, both wanting me to take control now, time for the 'nice' world to be left outside, time for the animal sex to start. 

"Do you need a piss slut?" I demanded, rubbing my fingers over her already sopping wet pussy. 

"Yes master," she gasped, opening her legs so I could feel the heat of her hungry cunt. 

"Good, because I want to see you piss for me. Let me see you piss yourself you fucking dirty whore." 

She whimpered as I dragged her into the adjoining bathroom, telling her to get into the bath. "Stand there with your leg up on the side of the bath slut. That's it, now use your fingers, open yourself up for me. God that's it, you look so fucking nasty like that, such a cheap whore." I goaded her, humiliating her just how I know she loves it, getting her hotter by the second. "Now do it slut, piss for your master. Degrade yourself totally for me, piss!" I ordered, getting drunk on both the wine and the power. She half closed her eyes, muttering 'yes, yes' to herself, loving the feeling flowing through her body as we both got carried away. I could see her straining, straining to obey me, to force her body to do something so nasty, so dirty, just for her master because it would please me. 

I held my hand just below her open cunt, waiting to feel the hot golden juices when she finally released, a physical sensation of our relationship. "Do it slut, you fucking pig, piss for me now!" I barked through gritted teeth, animal drive pushing me into a nastier demeanour. 

"Oh god!" she uttered, as the first slight stream started to flow. My eyes were transfixed as I watched it turn into a torrent, her cunt opening up to allow the flow. I pushed my fingers up, rubbing her pussy as the piss covered my fingers, a stream they now could not stem. It felt.. so hot.. so .. fucking nasty. 

As I watched the last few drops leak from her cunt, I had another nasty thought. So I took my piss covered hand, and rubbed it through her hair, slicking back her locks with her own golden offering. I could see the delight in her eyes, she so loves to hair her hair made wet and messy; usually taboo, but to her a big turn on. "Open your mouth slut. I need cleaning." I taunted, wanting to continue the limit pushing. Obediently she opened wide, her tongue not even pausing to lap at my salty fingers, tasting her own forbidden fluids, completing her toilet training. Feeling a wave of sexual energy course through me at her actions, sucking my fingers clean, I couldn't help but abuse her; "You nasty fucking whore – look at you, sucking your own piss off my fingers. You're just a nasty cum hungry animal aren't you slut? You'd fuck anyone, anything for me, wouldn't you?" I demanded, gagging her on my fingers, pushing them deep in her mouth, only pulling out to hear her reply. 

"Yes master, I'm your whore to use." She whispered back. 

"Come with me then slut, get onto the bed." I ordered, directing her onto her hands and knees.. pushing a couple of soft hotel pillows under her hips, raising her arse invitingly to me. Grabbing her handcuffs, I quickly made sure she was completely available to me, cuffing her hands above her head, knowing we both got off on her being helpless before me. 

"As you are such a bad nasty slut, I'm going to punish you." I promised, tracing my finger delicately down her back, making her arch her bum up towards me, her scent filling my senses. 

SLAP! My hand hit down hard on her soft, exposed flesh, her body jumping at my slap. I spanked as I growled at her, spitting out insults and filthy words. "You cum slut, you nasty fucking pig," SLAP, "I'm going to fuck you raw, use all your holes for my pleasure," SLAP! 

"Yes master. Yes. More.. please.. harder." She begged, pushing back against my strikes, wanting more pain, more abuse. 

I knew it was time to up the ante, so I broke off for a few seconds, retrieving the belt I had readied earlier. I knew it would hurt, leave her arse red even, but not break the skin... not this time anyway. Teasing her I drew the fabric belt down her back, letting her know something else was on my mind, another tool of sexual torture. 

THWACK! I hit her hard across her arse, making her cry out, pain and sexual bliss mixed together. "Oh fuck!" she cried out, loving the feeling I sent through her body. 

Again and again I hit home, each strike of the belt leaving an angry red thick line across her pale white skin. Her body betrayed her cries, I could see her writhing, rubbing her thighs together, trying to stimulate her neglected clit, while the shocks of my beating thrilled her body, filled her senses. I could imagine her eyes sparkling with tears, tears of pain and ecstasy. 

"Enough!" I called out, after spanking and beating her naked arse for many minutes, the sweat forming on my chest from the effort. I could hear her almost whimper in disappointment, her arse a red glowing sign of her enjoyment, marked by her master. "Turn over slut, I have more torture for you." I commanded, leaving her to try and turn over I went to retrieve my next toys a candle and lighter, and her large purple butt plug and lube. 

She had made it onto her back, still blindfolded, still hands cuffed tight, my sex toy to play with however I wished. So I didn't wait to hold back. Realising I didn't have any ties to hold my sluts legs apart for full access, I scanned the room for something suitable. 'Oh yes' I thought to myself as I looked at the cheap wooden low table the hotel had provided. Quickly I moved to pick it up, and carried it over to the large double bed my slut was waiting patiently upon. I turned the table over, and gently slid it under my sluts legs and bum, hooking her legs either side of the widely space legs, forcing her to spread her legs around them. I then took the butt plug and the lube, squeezing out an over generous portion of the slippery gel I quickly slavered the anal tool in a good slimy coating. "Open up slut," I whispered, circling her tight puckered arsehole with the cold wet end of the butt plug. I could see her shudder as she knew what was coming, her lips silently pleading for me to violate her arse. 

Twisting and pushing hard I easily forced the six inch butt plug into her dirty hole, enjoying her moans of pleasure as I filled her back passage. I made sure I forced every last inch inside her, knowing she loved the feeling of being full there. Then the next part of my naughty plan; I took the candle and lit it, the sound of me using the lighter giving away my intentions. I could see the nasty slut brace herself, not knowing when the first drip of burning wax would strike – nor where I would let it drop. The silence, only broken by our breathing, was pure sexual tension, the room already smelling of sweat and her dripping fuck hole. 

I watched the flame as it flickered in time with my breath, watching the wax slowly melt, a drip forming, building... building... then falling, falling down to splash silently upon her pink nipple. Her tense body exploded, breath pulled from her in a gasp, the burning sensation sending pain arching through her nervous system. "FUCK!" she screamed, panting with the overwhelming sensations. 

"Yes slut, you like the pain don't you," I laughed, watching drop after drop now splatter her tits, each time eliciting a reaction from her body. One breast then another I tormented, sometimes dripping scorching wax on her nipples, sometimes on the soft white skin around them.. dripping a trail between her sweating globes of flesh. 

"Oh god master, no more," she pleaded, but I knew she wanted more, to be pushed further. Our sessions were 'no limits', and I intended to continue and stretch her. I carefully and slowly moved my hand down her belly, dripping wax slowly over her as it moved towards her cunt, seeing the almost panicked expression on her face, laughing at her. "You scared slut?" I teased, bringing my face close to hers, sweat dripping of my face onto hers. She shook her head, showing me she wanted more, the fucking pain slut. I gripped her hair, yanking her head back, and spat down hard in her face, mixing with her hair that still half covered her face. 

"Yesssss.." she hissed, loving the extra nasty abuse, egging me on. Again and again I spat on her, in her hair, on her face, into her open mouth, which I held open with rough probing fingers. I could tell she'd almost forgotten the candle in her lust, but she was rudely bought back to realisation when the first drop of wax hit her cunt, causing her again to scream out, her whole body tensing in shock. I laughed as I burned her cunt with wax, my free hand now slapping her breast, slap after slap, left and right tit, harder and harder, leaving red hand prints on her flesh. She was panting hard now, like a wounded animal, body heaving, sweat and spit glistening on her skin. I knew she was close, and could take no more. 

I blew out the candle, and put it aside, using my hand to roughly rub her cunt, alternately spitting on her clit and rubbing circles around it, sometimes blowing lightly on her most sensitive spot to add a cooling sensation to her burning ache. She was close, so close, so I grabbed the butt plug and twisted, pushing and pulling, nearly pulling it out fully, then ramming home, all the time I built up speed rubbing her clit, spitting on her the whole time, calling her a whore, a cumslut, urging her to cum. 

My cock throbbed with excitement as I played her body, bringing her closer, closer – getting more carried away, rougher in my own dirty excitement. She bit her lip and I recognised the sign, her whole body tensing.. her cunt and arsehole in spasm, stomach muscles clenching and unclenching as her orgasm wracked her body, explosions of pure orgasm almost making her pass out. 

I gave her a minute to regain her composure a little, un-cuffing her hands, letting the blood flow return, all the while I stroked my burning hot cock, knowing I had only minutes before I too must cum. I knew exactly what I wanted too... I wanted to cum and make her continue her nasty descent. So I ripped the butt plug from her arse, and while she still gaped obscenely, I stuffed my rock hard cock into her so hot arse, now stretched and ready for me. I thrust several times into her arse, making beg for more, but that wasn't my final plan.. oh no. I pulled out early, cum still boiling in my balls, and moved around the bed, dragging her head over the side of the bed, tilting her face down so I could push my cock against her lips. For a moment I could see her waver, but then she opened up wide, to take my musky cock into her mouth, knowing that I wanted to see her do the infamous 'atm' (arse to mouth) that only the dirtiest sluts will do. 

I rammed my sweaty, hot, shit tasting cock into her mouth, pushing it deep as I could, slapping her breasts as I did so, sending dry wax flying. Her arms wrapped around me, hands going to my tight arse cheeks, pulling me deeper to her, urging me to make her gag with my cock. Again and again I held my cock fully inside her, her lips against the root of my cock, her tongue lapping my balls, pushing forward with my weight, feeling my swollen cock head enter her throat. I held their, stopping her breathing for five.. ten seconds, then pulled away, as she gagged, coughing up spit around my cock, the saliva streaming down her upside down face. I grabbed her digital camera, taking pictures of my cock sunk so deep in her face, obscene images to enjoy later. 

There was one last thing I wanted her to do for me; another dirty act to bring her even further down her descent to ultimate slutdom. I pulled my cock from her hungry mouth, and pushed forwards, rubbing my balls over her face, making her lick and suck on them, sweaty and hairy. I urged her on with dirty words, wanking my cock hard, pointing it towards her breasts, pushing slowly forwards, bringing my arse closer to her face.. rubbing my cock and balls all over her, almost smothering her. I could feel my orgasm get closer, as I felt her tongue get closer to my dirty nasty arse. "That's it slut, lick my fucking arse out," I cried, now sitting on her face, writing as I felt her tongue on my anus, sliding around it, tasting me, "that's it bitch, that's it.. lick it, lick it," I gasped, feeling her tongue enter me, sliding up, I came.. came so hard, cock in spasms, cum gushing out, splattering her chest, coating her tits in my sticking seed. 

"Oh god slut, that was amazing," I complimented her, our bodies now entwined together, cum and sweat covering us both. "I wonder what we'll do tomorrow night?" Report_Story 
